Person1 asks Ms. Dawson to take a dictation and tells her that all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos, the use of Instant Message programs by employees during working hours is strictly prohibited and employees using Instant Messaging will be warned and possibly be placed on probation if they persist in using it.
Person2 got stuck in traffic again. Person1 suggests Person2 start taking the public transport system to work, which would be better for both Person2 and the environment. Person2 decides to quit driving.
Person1 tells Kate that Masha and Hero are getting divorced. Kate is surprised because she thinks they are a perfect couple. They will divorce in the New Year.
Person1 gives a birthday present to Brian and has a dance with him at the party. Brian remembers it's his birthday and congratulates Person1.
Person1 and Person2 are in the Olympic park and talk about the big stadium to be finished this June.
Person1 has decided to create Person1's own company and writes up a business plan. Person2 thinks it is hard to write a well-written business plan because it needs to explain the business, how Person1 is going to do things, what the company is and how they are different from competitors, then Person2 advises Person1 to investigate and analyze hundreds of variables and prepare for the market analysis. Person1 has had a bad experience and decides to stay old job.
Person2 is scratching and Person1 thinks Person2 has chicken pox. Person2 thinks Person1 always exaggerates things out of proportion. Person1 will take an oatmeal bath.
Person2 checks out and finds out Person1 has added another charge for the laundry service onto Person2's bill. Person1 will correct it.
Person1 has an affair with his secretary and his wife is going to divorce him. Steven promises to try his best to persuade her to reconsider the divorce.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about Lincoln. They think Lincoln is a great leader with great vision and humility.
Person1 is going to Hebei, and Person1 tells Person2 that the north of China is experiencing severe sandstorms.
Francis welcomes Person2 to his birthday party and gives Person2 a car model and Person1's favorite brand. Person2's grateful.
Tony tells Steven he was caught cheating and he feels ashamed. Steven encourages Tony to study hard.
Tom tells Person1 it's ten to nine, and Person1 needs to catch the nine-thirty train.
Person1 asks Person2 for advice. Person2 suggests Person1 get plenty of sleep, do some exercise, and make great contributions to the world.
Person1 invites Person2 to Ruojia's party tonight because Person1 tells Person2 Ruoojia has got married. Person2 will buy a tea set and bring a card to wish her happy marriage.
Person1 pulls on the strip and asks Person2 to peel off the back, but Person2 thinks it's cruel.
Mike tells Person1 his sister is tall and pretty and she's not as clever as him.
Person1 has a headache and a small fever. Person2 finds Person1 should have called in sick.
Person1 wants to buy a new mobile phone with a video player.
Frank tells Judy he got a new job in the Post Office and he will receive excellent health insurance benefits.
Person2 can write computer programs, have a doctor's license and a driving license, and is experienced in IBM-PC. Person2 tells Person1 about special skills and work experience that qualify Person2 for this job.
Person1 thinks the medium-rare steak is too well-done and rather tough. Person2 will bring him another one after a few minutes.
Tom's surprised that his novel has won The Nobel Prize. Person1 congratulates him.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2's major and the work in the past.
Person2 usually drinks 10 drinks all night long. Person1 usually has 2 beers and asks Person2 for mixed drinks. Person2 suggests Person1 build up a tolerance. They will go out tomorrow night.
May helps Person1, her mother, to prepare for the picnic, and she brings some food and drinks.
James and Muriel Douglas meet for the first time. James went to Tahoe to ski with his family and Susan. Susan stayed in L.A. and she enjoyed it there. They would like to go back sometime soon.
Person2 tells Person1 to insert the card into the slot and select an option. Person1 wants to withdraw 10000 USD. Person2 says the exits have been sealed and the local authorities will arrive.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2's outgoing person and the strategy in communicating with colleagues.
Mr. Polly wants a break from his horrible job and asks Person1 to buy him a bottle of soft drink. Person1 refuses because Person1's boss is in the shop.
Monica asks Francis when they can work on the financial report. Francis says he is busy and they will meet on Friday afternoon.
Person2 tells Person1 the workshop is about preparing for an interview. Person1 thinks they should dress neatly and appropriately, attitude and friendliness, and be honest with interviewers.
Person1 wants to get more anger from Mike because Mike's acting hurt and sad is not how his character would act in this situation, while Person2 thinks Jason and Laura's reaction would be one of both anger and sadness.
Person1 came over and saw Todd when he was visiting Jane and his family. Mrs. Todd is glad Person1 did not call on her first.
Bill is tired because he works late every night. Person1 asks about Bill's brother, and Bill tells Person1 he is awfully busy. They finally find out that the time is 4:30.
Cleo won't go to the demonstration to help stop the spread of nuclear weapons tomorrow because she thinks the issues are too complex and she has no intention of going to a demonstration. Simon thinks the demonstration can be peaceful and encourages her to go, but Cleo refuses. She plans to study for her physics exam instead.
Person1 and Person2 think it's wrong to let people come to the door without noticing.
Mark wants to borrow Maggie's notes because he is tired after class, but Maggie doesn't understand at first. Then Maggie suggests studying together in the library. Mark agrees.
Person2 wants to enroll in Prof. Turner's Advanced Geology course but is worried about its difficulty. Person1 explains that Person2 is only a junior but already knows a lot about geology. Turner will let Person2 enroll.
Person1 bought the broken pendant in Person2's shop. Person2 asks Person1 to come to their shop with the receipt by 10.
Person1 is trying to interrupt Person2 while Person2 is talking about Person2's new clothes. Person2 asks Person1 to go and return all of the stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over.
Person1 recommends Person2 to be a TV news director, but Person2 wants to work with interactive media.
Person2's bored, so Person1 asks Person2 to find a way to entertain yourself. Person2 brought an iPod and some headphones. Person1'll read Person2 old newspapers with crossword puzzles.
Sarah and her husband can not afford a house near their company. Person1 suggests buying a house far away from the city center and tells her about Person1's sister in law's new house.
Mark Leach, an information officer at the Britain Business Center, tells Person1 about how they manage to meet the needs of so many people in London and suggests some suggestions for people coming to Britain.
Lin Fang and Lucy find out that Lin Fang likes English best while Lucy likes math the worst. Lin Fang says his favorite subject is English and math is his second favorite.
Mrs. Thomas broke her leg i t has been so difficult to take care of things around the house. James will help her on Saturdays while he's saving up for a bike.
Person1 thinks spring is finally here but it's still cold at night. Person2 suggests Person1 follow Person1's cats example and just sit in the sun.
Person1 wants to get more anger from Mike because Person2 thinks that's not how Person2's character would act in this situation, but Person1 thinks he would react the way most guys would.
Person1 takes a taxi to Friendship Hotel and asks Person2 to fast the speed.
Person1 is broke and has to catch another bus. Person2 suggests Person1 get a transfer from the bus driver.
Person2 tells Person1 the companies in their neighborhood and the floors of the building.
Person1 tells Person2 Lulu's asked for a transfer because she broke up with Vic.
Dave Thomson calls to find Jim, but Sally tells him Jim went out and might not be long. Dave will call back later.
Person2 tells Person1 how to get to City Hall. Person1 is following Person2.
Person1 asks Person2 if anyone has turned in the passport. Person2 advises Person1 to contact the embassy and tell them about Person1's situation, so they can issue a new passport.
Leah calls Nathaniel to tell him Ms. Collins cannot call him back until next week and asks him to meet her at 2:15 today. Nathaniel prefers to speak with Ms. Fonda but she isn't available this afternoon.
Person1 and Person2 were scared when Person1 heard Sarah's marriage plan because of Dick.
Person1 and Person2 are at a party and talk about the girls at the party. Person2 has a thing for blonds and is nervous about talking to girls. Person1 encourages Person2 to talk to Janice and have another cup of beers.
Jack tells Person1 he likes his poli-sci class and Person1 wants to have a look.
Person2 tells Person1 that it rained last night and may rain again later today. Person2 also says that dust is no longer a big problem in Beijing because they have been planting trees. They agree that spring in Beijing is beautiful but it's scorching in the summer.
Person1 and Person2 are discussing what to go to the movies tonight. They finally decide to see a war movie.
Adam shows Person1 around the school and introduces the tallest building, the junior high school, and the senior high school. Person1 envies Adam and wishes to enter his school one day.
Person1 tells Person2 that Person1 is pregnant and they will have their baby soon.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about a boy who loves a girl.
Person1 suggests Person2 add a painting program and a CD-ROM drive to the system and upgrade the hardware. Person2 agrees.
Person1 thinks Person2 doesn't look very Chinese because she seems so young. Person2 is from Mexico. Person1 is 40 years old and was born and raised here in the U.S.
Person1's weight has gone up again. Person2 advises Person1 to exercise more and go on a diet.
James wants a dinning room for eight but it's not available now. Person1 shows James the way to the dinning hall.
Person1 asks Person2 about the plant. Person2 tells Person1 it's larger than expected and introduces its construction and workforce.
Rebecca tells Person1 her first job was as an intern for a local paper and she stayed there for two years. Then she left and found a position with a national newspaper based in London.
Person1 needs to go to the stationer to buy something for the posters. Person1 and Person2 make a shopping list before they go. Person2 finds Person1 is near-sighted and suggests Person1 get a pair of nice glasses.
Mary is tired of working hard in the personnel market. Person1 suggests applying for a job on the Internet and tells Mary how to do it.
Person2 is making a shopping budget to save money. Person1 thinks it's a good idea.
Jane is going to the hospital to see Susan. Henry tells her a number 13 bus will take her two miles to catch it.
Person1 wants to talk to Person2 about the sales projections. Person2 is busy tomorrow morning so they decide to meet next week.
Person1's going to New York for the first time and asks Person2 for suggestions. Person2 recommends 'A friend in New York' and explains how it works.
Person2 tells Person1 the company is one of the largest and best in the world. Person2 wants to work in the sales department. Person1 tells Person2 the salary, fringe benefits and insurance can be bought.
Person1 wants to sign the agreement but Person2 hasn't fully prepared. Person2 will type the agreement this evening and have it duplicated for signatures.
Person1 calls Person2 for help as Person1 has a car accident and Person1's friend is seriously injured.
Person2 tells Person1 how to get to the school clinic.
Person2 wants to change her room because it is noisy. Person1 apologizes and promises to change the room for Person2 tomorrow.
Person2's flight was comfortable but now Person2's tired. Person1 will arrange a banquet in honor of Person2 in the International Hotel at six o'clock.
Person1 is lost and asks Person2 for help. Person2 finds Person1 is near Liu Ichang and tells Person1 how to get there.
Person2's computer doesn't work well. Person1 advises Person2 to ring up the repairmen.
Person2 wants to buy a birthday gift for Person2's mother. Person1 recommends a gold watch with clear numbers, and Person2 decides to take it.
Ms. Ross comes to Mr. Fisher's to have a meeting about opening a branch in New Zealand. On the invitation, Ms. Ross says the presentation itself will start at 11 and will go on till 12:30, with coffee beforehand and a pre-lunch snack buffet after that.
Person2 tells Person1 the differences between Russia and Canada. Person2 thinks Russians are fast movers and Canada is slow. They also think Canadians are more calm in general and are more relaxed than Americans.
Person2 was thinking about going on the voyage to the Caribbean Sea but Person1 tells Person2 the weather can be bad there. Person2 decides to go on another trip.
Person1 and Person2 decide to take some grapes for the picnic.
Person2 helps Person1 rent an economy car.
Person2's fed up with those who keep smiling. Person1 thinks it's because Person2 doesn't like them.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about sales. They both think that their company's performance has improved since Wallace became president. They wish them good luck.
Person2 lost Person2's backpack and pays 50 dollars to Person1 with a taxi card. Person2 will take a bus home and ask for some money from mom.
Steven helped Lin to figure out how much to give the waiter in Beijing. Lin tells Steven there's no tipping in China and tipping isn't customary. Steven thinks Lin would have a revolution on her hands if she tried to introduce the system here.
Bill tells Person1 he made a move on Brain Locker. Person1 is surprised and describes what he looks like.
Person2 tells Tom Wilson he has stayed for four nights at the hotel and paid his bill by credit card.
Carol phones for Susan. Person1 tells Susan Carol cannot come to the phone right now and suggests Susan bring a dessert for the party tomorrow.
Person1 thinks she knows Person2 from somewhere else. Person2 doesn't think she looks familiar at first but then they find out they are neighbors.
Person1 and Person2 both voted for Donald Trump. Person2 has nothing but faith in him while Person1 doesn't think he is the right person.
Person1 needs to use the ATM but doesn't know how to use it. Person2 teaches Person1.
Susan Miller asks John where the memo about office procedures is.
Person1 invites Lily to the picnic and tells Lily what to bring.
Person1 asks Person2 about the differences between Chinese table manners and that in Person2's homeland. Person2 says although Person2 has been to a Chinese feast, Person2 still feels hazy about how to behave appropriately at a Chinese table. Person1 reminds Person2 of the importance of placing the chopsticks horizontally over the bowl or plate.
Mary and Frank both like watching movies in their spare time. Mary usually rents movies at Movie Salon and Frank may sign up for its membership.
Person2 thought about joining the green party, but Person1 thinks the other parties are too big and popular. Person2 thinks the smaller political and pressure groups can influence large political parties.
Mr. Wilson accepts Person1's responsibility for the loss and they will exchange the merchandise that falls short of the sample.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 saw the robber come in with a gun. Person1 asks Person2 to come to the station for more questioning.
Person2 tells Person1 they're on their own because Dad and Mom will take mom out. Person1 wants to order some pizza.
Carol tells Person1 that Person1 will go on a diet and completely transform Person1's eating habits. Person1 promises to stick to it.
Karen Huang wants to register for Comp Lit 287 but the computer is full. Person1 advises her to register through the touch-tone registration system and tells her that the university computer system saves extra places for comp lit students. Karen finds that Person1 is a Comp Lit major and can use the special code to get into the class.
Person1 was in a hurry and forgot the umbrella. Person2 offers to walk together with Person1.
Jack gives Daisy a ride in his new car. Daisy thinks Jack made a perfect choice about the car.
Person1 asks Person2 to tell the exact time when the fire broke out.
Person2 tells Person1 that she would like to pay 905 yuan in cash but Person1 refuses because it's the store's rule. Person1 then offers her the receipt.
Person2 wants to get Person2's car washed. Person1 recommends a regular car wash package with special shampoo and a vacuum cleaner.
Harry and his wife want to go to Egypt but they can't decide whether to travel by sea or by air. Harry worries about the worries of his wife.
Johnson is a new member of the gym. Person2 shows Johnson how to get started using the machines and explains the importance of a membership card to keep track of how much weight Johnson uses on each machine. Then Person2'll determine what is a good starting weight for Johnson on the machines.
Person1 and Person2 are both out of a job. Person1 wants to apply for jobs that meet Person2's requirements.
Person1 has fed the puppies and reminds Person2 to give them a bath and remind Person2 of the vet appointment.
Person1 asks Ayden to lend some cash to Person1 because Person1 is flat broke. Ayden agrees but he is short on money this month. Then Ayden invites Person1 to dinner at his place tonight. Person1 agrees.
Person2 tells Person1 that Person2 learned a lot from the charity organization and it has directly impact on Person2's way of thinking.
Person1 informs Person2 of the decision-making decision in about one week.
Person1 wants to have a taste of Moutan. Person2 recommends Roast Beijing Duck.
Dan called Angela yesterday to remind her that he is going to the wedding next week. Angela also wants to invite Megan who is a friend of Dan to go together.
Person1 will have an Italian tiramisu and Person2 will have Greek yogurt. Person1 doesn't like the yogurt and wants Person2 to help with the dessert. Person2 agrees and they decide to have fried bananas.
Mr. Smith tells Person1 he went to Yale University and has worked in a bank for the last five years.
Person1 buys a digital Barbie for Person1's niece with Person2's assistance.
Person2 buys a pair of sport shoes with Jordan's assistance.
Person1 lost track of Person1's destination when trying to go to the science museum. Person2 tells Person1 to press the button and get on the train at platform number 4.
Simon tells Person1 he feels not so bad to be retired and he's been spending more time with his family. Simon then explains to Person1 about his scheme of phased retirement and how it works. He still has all his old contacts at work.
Person1 asks Rocky to dance with someone like her, but Rocky doesn't want to because he thinks the woman over there is not the right type. After hearing that, Person1 thinks Rocky is never going to get married and decides to go home to a TV dinner and his dog, Rusty.
Person1 and Person2 talk about the heavy storm last night. Person2 hates storms. Person1 thinks the weather is terrible but Person2 still thinks it's terrible.
Person1 doesn't want to watch TV because Person2 thinks it's boring. Person2 does not want to do TV but agrees to share music with Person1.
Ben is nervous about tomorrow's lessons. Person1 tells him to take it easy. The class lasts 45 minutes, with a 10 or 15 minutes' break. They will buy something to eat during the break.
Adam's knee feels a lot better today. Person1 suggests Adam see some films showing Michigan in the last three games and tells him to rest the knee.
Person1 asks Person2 to help with the printing because Person2's printer is broken.
Person2 will help Person1 to put the curtain up.
Person1 asks Jack to check his calendar for a weekend camping trip.
Person2 was busy with work when Person1 wanted a break. Person1 tells Person2 she's pregnant but Person2 doubts it. Person2 was away the first week of February so Person1 cannot believe it.
Person2's worried about Person2's daughter who can't decide about college. Person1 suggests Person2 give her some tips.
Person1's worried about losing Person1's job. Person2 comforts Person1 and suggests that Person1 should figure out what Person1 will do if Person1 loses the job and move in with Person2, which will save Person1 plenty of money.
Person2 tells Person1 that Person2 is going to invite a friend who is a Ph.D. student to give a speech about multimodal text generation at Person2's lab.
Person1 invites Person2 to John's house but Person2 is getting sick.
Mr. Faber calls York Hotel to book a one double room for three nights and Person1 books one for him.
Person2 recommends West Derby and South Derby to Person1. Person1 wants a cheap single room and thinks there are larger houses. Person2 actually has another office in South Derby and recommends John Godfrey, so Person1 calls him for help.
Person1 and Person2 got lost and Person1 blames it on Person2 who was driving and didn't listen to Person1. Person2 thinks it's not fair.
Darlene is calling to check on the computers, but Dan tells her that the order has been delayed. Darlene will call Steve and tell him about it.
Person2 tells Person1 the Washington Post was founded in December 1978 and the Los Angeles Times was first published in December 1982.
Person2 cannot send out the e-mail because some virus is seeking into Person2's computer. Person1 suggests Person2 send a compressed one.
Person2 enjoyed the weekend and Person1 invites Person2 to come and stay again next time.
Person1 wants to get some Chinese food. Person2 recommends Panda Express.
Marry informs Tom that they had decided to offer the sales position to someone else. Tom wants to reconsider the decision.
Person1 warns Person2 not to call Person1 again and Person2 will be arrested.
Person2 wants to be a music teacher because Person2 hopes Person2 could have a job that suits Person2's interest. Person2 tells Person1 Person2 likes music that has fast beat and is lively, like dance music. Person1 specialized in classical music for Person1's master study and suggests Person2 listen to more classical music because it can make the brain more active and reduce stress, as well as find plenty of recording on the Internet.
Person2 tells Person1 that Person2 likes the girl living under him and another two American guys like her, too. Person2 will ask her out and Person1 wishes him good luck.
Person1 complains that Mirella works in jeans and sweatshirts since she came back from a conference. Person2 tells Person1 that the working atmosphere is different in California where people want to work in the clothes they feel more relaxed in and they are allowed to wear more casual jackets and trousers. But Person1 still thinks it's strange.
Person2 is going to set up Person2's own law office. Person1 wishes Person2 good luck.
Peter tells Kate he stayed online the whole night and he needs a rest now.
Person1 and Person2 think ships and boats are no longer important in transportation. They think the speed of people is slow, which is why people don't like traveling by boat.
Fanny tells Andy she had a bad dream that there were ghosts in the graveyard and they wanted her blood. Fanny worried about getting into the University of Michigan but Andy tells herself that another school will accept her.
Person1 and Ernie are excited about starting a band together and Person1 suggests playing some Vanilla Ice songs.
Person1 and Person2 enjoy the trip to New Orleans and decide to go to a jazz club and a theatre tonight.
Person1 pays for a piece of clothing with Person2's assistance.
Mr. Blake cannot send over the training manuals because they are at the printer.
David tells Person1 he will start out from Long Island and will join his brother and his family on his fortieth birthday. Person2 will spend the nights in hotels and enjoy local food.
Person2 reminds Person1 to board the plane and take care of Pamela when Person1 is away. Person1 thinks Person2 is the only one who has stood by Person1 the whole time.
Person2 tells Person1 where the busiest street is and which bus Person1 should take.
Person2 introduces the pilgrimage haj, the main event of Muslims, to Person1. Person2 says Muslims believe that every man should go on a haj at least once in his life and prevent people from accidents. They also talk about the place in France where people go to get healed and Person2 thinks people believe they will be healed.
Person2 tells Person1 how to get to the central department stall and the national bank.
Person1 invites Person2 to go to London by train, but Person2 prefers to take the car. Person2 suggests going by express bus but Person1 prefers the train.
Tom enjoyed his lunch at the canteen, but he thinks the food was underdone. Catherine doesn't like fast food because she thinks they are high in calories, salt, and fat. Tom says two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places. Catherine agrees.
Person1 helps Person2 order lemonade, barbeque wings, and baby-back ribs.
Person1 helps Person2 order a double cheeseburger, some large curly fries, and a medium Pepsi.
Person2 gets up early and Person2 made some muffins for breakfast. Person2 likes sunny side up eggs while Person1 likes hard boiled eggs.
Person2 tells Person1 where the Grand Hotel is but Person1 doesn't know where it is.
Person1 takes a picture of Person2 to show Person1's children how an American policeman looks.
Person2 asks Person1 if there's a vacant room. Person1 says they're full and advises Person2 to ask the Sunset Hotel.
Person2 has applied for the visa to study in the united States and will go for an interview next week. Person2 thinks it's very difficult to get a visa to the united states because the application forms are complex and the embassy is strict.
Anne is going to bed early and doesn't want to see Person2 again because she has had a great time last time. Person2 wants a second chance but Anne refuses.
Mary tells Person1 online shopping is convenient, time-saving, and expensive, and advises Person1 to open an account at the online bank to buy anything.
Person1 asks Person2 about American-styled accounting and the most fundamental concepts underlying the accounting process.
Jane invites Peter to Xi'an in the summer. Peter is interested and they discuss the details, including when, how long, and where to go for a holiday.
Person2 wants to rent some movies for Person2's daughter. Person1 helps Person2 to fill out the membership form and introduces the membership card. Person2 decides to rent the movies tonight.
Person1 looks for Mr. Lee and asks Person2 to sign a second.
Person2 tells Person1 the plane is closed and they will stay for the night in the airport hotel because Person1 cannot sleep without lights on.
Person1 wants to repay the favor of Person2 so Person2 suggests going Dutch and Person1 agrees.
Person2 has insomnia due to Person2's stress about grades. Person1 tells Person2 to relax and suggests Person2 listen to music to make people calm down and release their stress. Person2 will try it out.
Person1 wants to give Person2's kitchen a modern makeover.
Walter thinks Professor Wood's a brilliant scientist, but he's absent-minded.
Person1 wants to get Person1's test results from the other day. Person2 asks Person1 to come in this afternoon for a second look.
Martin tells Miss Eliza that he has no pocket money for the coming exams. He is working at weekends to get some pocket money and is grateful to Mister Lamb for helping him.
Person1 wants to mail a package to Korea. Person2 recommends the package post way and it takes 10 days.
Linda is calling Person1, but Person1 cannot find Person1's cellphone. Linda advises Person1 to keep the phone in the pocket for the wedding.
Person1 tells Person2 Person1 is American and comes to this city for tourism. Person2 offers Person1 another drink.
Person1 wants to take a break from studying, while Person2 cannot wait to start thinking about Person2's future.
Mary tells Person1 that she had a car accident this morning when she delivered milk. She knocked into a tree and tried to read a note on the door, but a dog ran after her.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 doesn't feel the same as Person2 did 6 years ago. Person2 thinks Person2's ready for promotion now and doesn't mind traveling much.
Person1 wants to open a current account and asks Person2 about its interest. Person2 tells him current accounts don't pay out interest and he can draw money at banks or ATMs.
Person1 is hungry and asks Person2 to recommend some Chinese foods. Person2 recommends Person1 to try the Cantonese cuisine, but Person1 refuses because Person1 doesn't want hot dishes. Then Person2 writes down the name of Quanjude restaurant, and Person1 can find it nearby.
Person2 tells Person1 that they agree to accept Person1's price but they are worried about the slow delivery. Person1 reports that Auckland has agreed to ship the order. Person2 will draft the agreement right away.
Person1 has broken the reading lamp and Person2 will bring him a new one.
Person1 and Person2 talk about the 2006 fiscal year marketing plan. Person2 says they wanted to appeal to a younger set of consumers and they also set a goal to double distribution in overseas markets. Person1 describes the first two parts in detail.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 is going to travel around Europe and Person2 plans to visit Paris, Nice, and Milan, and then go to the UK.
Jimmy Fox made a reservation for a mid-size vehicle, but Person2 ran out of cars. Since Jimmy Fox doesn't know how to hold the reservation, Person2 offers a discount for the insurance and rent fee.
Person1 wants to play the card games. Person2 reminds Person1 not to make noise.
Ann makes a cup of coffee for Mr. Jones and tells him the schedule for the meetings this week.
Person2's preparing for a geography class. Person1's surprised that most of the world is covered with water. Person2 tells Person1 that the oceans and the landscapes influence the climate.
Person2 calls to change the room because of the strong smell of smoke. Person1 arranges a non-smoking room for Person2.
Person1 asks Bill not to touch the wet paint. Bill says the workmen forgot about the wet cement and they're walking across it to put up the notice.
Ben has to leave and he asks for Ella's number to meet her again. Ella asks Ben to call her sometime next week.
Bill tells Jim that Dick has been sick but could come back to work ASAP.
Person2 has worked overtime for the last two weeks without a break because Person2's boss has complete control over their work schedules. Person1 thinks employers should give workers a fair rate of wages but Person2 says they don't because Overtime is their own time. Person2 also says they give bonuses but it's not enough, and Person2 would like to quit.
Lisa tells Person1 she found out her husband Mark is cheating on her. Mark admits to being with someone else for two months and Lisa would divorce him if he wouldn't tell her the truth or end the relationship with her.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2's doctor said Person2 has been eating too much. Person1 suggests putting Person2 on a diet.
Person1 swear an oath and says Person1 must go. Person2 asks Person1 to be Person2's companion but Person1 refuses.
Person2 tells Person1 to check out two books at a time, keep the books for one month, and renew them if needed. Person1 will find books on spoken English.
Person1 and Person2 sit down and have lunch together because it's a lovely day. Person1 suggests going to the beach if the weather stays nice.
Person1 confiscates Person2's camera and tells Person2 the camera is not allowed to take pictures in the museum.
Person2 requests a loan. Person1 tells Person2 about their loan policies. Person2 has a terrible credit score and Person1 says the bank must assess personal information, past loans, assets, and credit score in order to approve the loan.
Person1 congratulates Monica on the fact that Monica's presentation at the meeting was successful. Monica tells Person1 she consulted an economic expert and got the support from colleagues.
Tom likes to run in the morning while Person1 can't get up early enough. Tom invites Person1 to come for a jog tomorrow.
Person1 calls the Japanese Restaurant to ask about its opening time and what food they serve.
Person1 invites Mr. Simpson to have lunch and he agrees.
Person2 recommends restaurants to Person1 for dating. Person1 refuses the idea of staying in the hotel and asks for a reservation in Gramercy Tavern.
Person1 pays for a meal and asks Person2 for tips. Person2 refuses.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about the popular sports in their country. Person2 thinks extreme sports are only for a small minority of people and Person1 knows loads of people who play golf regularly in Person1's country.
Person2 is flying to Helsinki, Finland, and would like to catch a return flight on the twenty-third. Person1 recommends the cheapest flight available. Person2 takes it.
Person1 tells Person2 Person1 and Person1's grandmother will visit Disney World.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 wants to go to Australia to see the Great Barrier Reef.
Laura is off to the gym and she tells Person1 that she goes there both for health and for beauty. Person1 walks every day and does exercises occasionally. Laura invites Person1 to join her at the gym, but Person1 is pretty lazy.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 was born in Chicago and graduated from Lincoln High. Person2 went to college and lived in Munich for a while.
Person1's new suit reminds Person2 of the one Person1 bought in the shopping center. Person2 thinks it's not a good bargain.
Ann is broadcasting from university radio and invites Robin to introduce the mountain lake cycle tour. Robin says this year is the biggest year ever and they have twelve hundred cyclists registered.
Person1 helps Person2 order a Cocktail, aperitif, a signature drink, and a Singer at the bar.
Eric and Gregory are having lunch together. Eric tells Gregory he went bungee jumping last week and he adapted to it right off the bat. Gregory is not a self-seeker but he thinks Eric has lost his wallet.
Person2 assists Person1 in finding information on World War Two by searching for the Normandy Landing website and suggests Person1 reading a history book.
Person2 is new here and wants to develop a good physique. Person1 shows how to use the machine and tells Person2 to stretch before pumping iron.
Person1 wants to park on campus. Person2 tells Person1 to find a parking structure for students and ask whether it's full now.
Emily asks Susan about her paycheck. Susan explains the meaning of FICA, SUI, and MR, and tells Emily there are also several federal programs and Social Security and Medicare taxes. Emily thinks everything else is self-explanatory so she doesn't mind giving up the 401(K) tax.
Person2 teaches Person1 how to buy a snack thing from the vending machine, then Person1 tells Person2 vending machines are unreliable.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 will meet Person2's girlfriend in Thailand during winter vacation and they have been talking online for several months. Person2 thinks the Internet makes interaction much faster.
Kate invites James to her house. She has saved enough money to buy new furniture and do some redecorating. James admires her new carpet which is like her old carpet.
Person2 tells Bill about his daily exercise schedule. Bill is surprised at the time when it's time for the dance class.
Marquet thinks Person1 should take a good introductory science course.
Tim tells Person1 he chose the project because he wanted to see what he can do in his own life. He found there were lots of people at his age trying to be green, so he decides to ride to school. He also wants to cut down school paper and use local produce in the school cafeteria.
Person1 feels tired since Person1 has to be at work by 8 am and everyone's shopping for Christmas presents. Person1 thinks Christmas doesn't mean much to Person1 except more work and more headaches.
Bill wants to have some cake made by Sue for the party, but Sue refuses because she is on a diet. Bill then offers her a salad and some hot soup, and Sue finally accepts.
Person2's looking for summer clothes and skirts with Person1's assistance. Person2 buys a T-shirt and a skirt with 20% off.
Person1 comes to pick up Person1's tickets and Person2 asks Person1 to reconfirm.
Person2 tells Yi-jun that Easter's a good day for reunions since everyone goes to church and has lunch together.
Person1 tells Person2 their son has some bad habits. Person2 asks Person1 to treat Tony with patience, affection, and respect and doesn't threaten him with punishment if he does something he doesn't like.
Person1 tells Person2 Julie and Alex are getting married. Person1 is organizing the bachelor party and invites Person2 to go, but Person2 refuses because Person2's friend Wendy is getting married and Person2 will organize her party.
Person1 helps Person2 get the ballot and tells Person2 to go to a voting booth and vote.
Person1 and Person2 discuss who will get sacked in their company. They discuss George, Andy, Lisa, Michael, and the rumor that Lisa and the boss were having an affair. They are both worried.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about a Chinese TV series called Chinese-Style Divorce. They think it reflects some of their difficulties in the ever-changing world. They agree that the only-child generation in China tends to know little about marriage.
Judy shows Person1 the list of their financial budget. Person1 is afraid that the accommodation will also deteriorate once they choose a cheaper hotel. Judy suggests they choose the Youth Hotel.
Person1 tells Person2 that Mary has married Jerrod. Person2 is surprised.
Person2 lost Person2's wallet. Person2 requests Person1 to lend some money so that Person2 can buy some books and go to the gas station.
Person1 tells Person2 Murphy Music and U-Tunes are merging. Though Person2 thinks they are bitter enemies, Person1 thinks it can't be true and it's really going to join together.
Person1 thinks Person1's new assistant is helpful, but Joe thinks she is stuck-up.
Sarah tells Person1 she is upset because the meeting didn't go well. Bob was very interrupting and didn't want to hear what others had to say. Person1 suggests Sarah keep things short and sweet and bring up the main points during the meeting.
Person2 introduces the muslims on a pilgrimage to mecca in a program about islam to Person1. Person2 says Muslims believe that every man should go on a haj at least once in his life and prevent accidents. They also talk about the place in France where people go to get healed and Person2 thinks there is nothing magical about it.
Ted asks Mike why Jenny doesn't come with them. Mike thinks maybe she likes him but Ted is afraid to tell her. Mike encourages him to let Jenny know because there's nothing to lose.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 usually calm down first and think about the reason that caused the anger. listening to music and working out are good ways to relieve anger.
Person1 asks Person2 about Person1's family in New Zealand. Person2 tells Person1 about uncle Bill, his wife and two daughters who are step-sisters. They plan to travel to Europe next year.
Person1 congratulates Mr. Stuart for winning the city marathon. They both feel excited.
Person2 wants to buy some presents for his children and wife. Person1 recommends 5 pairs of sneakers but Person2 thinks they are expensive. Person2 then buys a bottle of perfume which is recommended by Person1, which is actually very expensive in America.
Hong recommends Person1 to use a local SIM card to call back to the UK and Person1 thinks it's cheap.
Person2's salary is 1,800 yuan per month. Mr. Brown says if they decide to hire Person2, Person2 would be paid 2,000 yuan a month and have a paid month holiday.
Person2 doesn't like Barry because he's too ambitious and dishonest while Person1 likes Paul. Person2 thinks Person2 is not as shy as Person1 thinks but Person1 loves making new friends.
Person1 is interested in buying a medium-sized house with at least 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms in Pasadena or Arcadia. Person2 will begin a search for the perfect home for Person1.
Mr. Grant asks Person2 to leave the samples with him and will get back to Person2 next week.
Person2 tells Person1 how to get to the Sons from PHS by bus.
Mr. Lee gives Mrs. Word a lift home and asks her to hold the umbrella.
Person1 X-rays Person2's arm and asks Person2 not to feel any pain. Person1 thinks it's probably nothing serious but Person2 needs to stay in the hospital for the night.
Person2 calls IBA, Client Services Department because he lost his card. Shelley answers the phone, asks for more details, and promises to help him.
Person1's going to take a nap and Person2 will start dinner at 6, but Person1's nose will wake Person1 up.
Person1 asks Person2 to have Chinese food, bean milk, two value meals, and some chili paste for dinner. Person2 answers Person1's questions patiently.
Person2 tells Person1 to get the table wares and then stand in the line. Person1'll have cream cakes, and Person2 doesn't like them.
It's Lucy's turn to sing while Stanley's singing. Person1 asks Lucy to put on an Elvis'song for Stanley.
Person2 thinks home video players will replace movie theatres and force them out of the entertainment business.
Person2 wants a light dress in spring. Person1 recommends a cotton dress, and Person2 would like the white one.
Joshua asks for his allowance and pays thirteen dollars to his dad. His dad says he doesn't have enough money so Joshua will use the money to put some in savings and buy books.
Person1 and Person2 both received Mike's birthday invitation. Person2 will drive to Mike's party.
Person1 wants to send a package and some stamps. Person2 tells Person1 to get them at the stamp window.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about the earthquake in Wenchuan. They think earthquake is one of the most badly natural disasters in the world and people feel weak when they face it.
Person1 thinks the weather is miserable. Person2 thinks the rainy season will be over soon and they will have pleasant weather.
Person1 and Person2 plan to go to the Olympic souvenir store after the volleyball match. They will buy some gifts for their family and Person1 thinks the Olympic Mascots are a must.
Person2 recommends Person1 to buy an aluminum pan with a lightweight wooden handle. Person1 buys it at Person2's store.
Person1 and Person2 will meet after work.
Mr. Becker shows Person1 around the offices of the federal government. He thinks government service can be a rewarding and secure career. Person1 has always thought most bureaucrats are lazy but Mr. Becker disagrees.
Pete and Henry meet each other for the first time. They talk about their plans for the evening, which includes eating at a well-known dumpling restaurant and hitting a Karaoke bar.
Julie tells Mr. Jones she has been ill since last Sunday because she had lunch with classmates and got some fried chicken. She is feeling a little better now and is keeping up with the lessons.
Mike is coming to the home of his mother. His mother has prepared everything well, but Mike still needs to buy some drinks and fruit.
Person2 arrives in Berlin and it takes 19 hours by bus. Person2 takes the bus because it is more environmentally friendly. Person1 thinks Person2 should go by plane next time to save money and Person2 agrees.
Person2 is interested in this job and Person2 tells Person1 Person2 can speak foreign languages and have a nice clear voice.
Jimmy tells Amy he came home late because Jennie and Bill invited him for a picnic. Jimmy went to Beihai Park and had lunch and drinks there. He also took a walk along the river. Amy wanted to give Jimmy's book back, so they will meet at the cafe downstairs in 30 minutes.
Person1 wants Peter to have tea, but Peter needs to water the garden, so Person1 has to drink tea by himself.
Person1 and Person2 schedule an emergency meeting for this afternoon when Ken gets back.
Person1 helps Person2 buy some stamps for the letter.
Mr. Smith has a nasty infection. Person1 prescribes some antibiotics and some cream and tells him the pharmacy will give him a discount.
Person2 wants to take some workmanship which is distinctively Chinese and easy to carry. Person1 recommends paper-cuts, embroidery, and batik.
Person1 introduces the famous Eiffel Tower to Person2.
Brian tells Person1 he speaks English well and has been to Las Vegas.
Person2's worried about someone. Person1 comforts Person2 and thinks the person can take himself well.
Person1 warns Person2 not to look at the positive side of things and Person2 will get into trouble.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about a guy who loves a girl.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about London. They are going to visit the Westminster abbey, the statue of Boadicea, the famous castle, and prison, and the crown jewels. Person2 recommends Madame Tussaud's, the waxworks museum.
Daniel tells Person2 that he likes science most. Person2 is surprised and hopes his parents know he is interested in science.
Person1 thanks Carla for organizing a baby shower so Carla gives her some presents for Betty. But Betty's water broke so she asks Carla to take her to the hospital.
Person1 wants to go to China for sight-seeing but Person2 is too busy for him to go.
Karren and Tim say goodbye to each other.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 went to see Michael last night and he bought a new motorcycle. Person2 likes it but would like to buy a bicycle.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 can speak English and French well and Person2 thinks Person2's English is good enough to do general desk work in an American firm.
Nancy calls Tyler and asks Person1 to tell Naomi that Andy called.
Person1 wants to book tomorrow's flight to New York but Person2 tells him the flight has been canceled. Person2 advises Person1 to book with another airline and will give him a 50% discount.
Person1 and Person2 are going to Burger Queen for lunch and they are waiting in line to order the food. Person2 is hungry but Person2 doesn't know what to order. Person1 suggests having some mayonnaise sauce.
Person1 tells Person2 Person2's luggage is over 8 kilograms, so Person2 needs to pay the excess luggage charge.
Person1's thirsty and wants some soda. Person2 tells Person1 soda is bad and suggests drinking water.
Wang Miao phones Mr. Green to convey his apology to Mr. Liang. Person1 answers the phone and tells him the reason.
Person1 buys a pair of enameled leather shoes in size 30 with Person2's assistance.
Benjamin doesn't know how to write a project report. Person1 makes fun of him and tells him he should include more details about his final conclusion and the format of the report in the next year's report. Benjamin is grateful and asks Person1 to give him a hand.
Person2 orders a medium pizza with pepperoni, olives, and extra cheese. Person1 tells Person2 today's special on large pizzas and helps Person2 order the two-for-one special.
Person1 orders prawn cocktail, tomato soup, and mineral water for dinner with Person2's help.
Person1 tells Person2 the house has a nice living room, a large dining room, and three comfortable bedrooms.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2's stereo has a large scratch across the front of it and a slight problem with the receipt. Person1 suggests Person2 exchange it but Person2 refuses.
Person1 asks Person2 to hurry up to make the dormitory deposit because the deadline for next year is May 1st. Person2 first wants to live off campus but later decides to think it over some more because Person2 thinks the dorm is too noisy and it's expensive.
Person1 and Person2 are going through secondhand bookstores. Person1 finds an old book of children's stories with the signature of William Shakespeare and another book with the name of 'Harold Dickson'. Person1 is going to buy the latter book.
Person1 takes Person2 to a restaurant and helps Person2 order the food. Person2 wants to wait for Person2's food to be ready in 20 minutes.
Person1 wants to send a watch certificate to make sure if Person1's son receives the letter. Person2 suggests Person1 send it by registered mail.
Sally reads the letter from Tom. Tom is happy to hear that Sally and John will be in town in January. Tom will pick Sally up when Sally arrives.
Person1's frustrated about not getting access to the computers in the library. Person2 understands Person1.
Person1 and Person2 enjoy the beautiful day. Person2 invites Person1 to have a picnic this weekend. Person1 worries it will rain but Person2 thinks it won't.
Person1 asks Person2 for general information on computers. Person2 shows Person1 the titles of some magazines.
Person1 welcomes Person2 to the French Garden Restaurant. Person3 helps Person2 order Person2's meal.
Person1 helps Person2 order lemonade, barbeque wings, and baby-back ribs.
Person2 orders coffee, water and dessert with Person1's assistance.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about what they would do if they both won the lottery.
Person1 shows Jack a picture of Person1's new puppy. Both Person1 and Jack think he's cute.
Person1 tells Person2 that Tom's bike is better than Person1's, and Person1 will buy a plane for Person2.
Person2 tries on a skirt and thinks it's cute, but Person1 says it's ridiculous.
Person2 tells Person1 how Person2's city grew into a large place. There are many buildings more than 200 years old in the city.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about environmental problems. They think people are looking at the issue in the short term and some of them lead to conflict. Person1 suggests Person2 joining an organization committed to protecting the environment.
Dennis has been busy talking to people in chat rooms. She pretended to be a 16-year-old girl to make friends and now she has a new online friend who thinks she is Miss. Person2 gives her some advice.
Nathan will go to Chicago for his practice. His mother is worried that he might not be able to work in a big city and might be stuck in a backroom by himself. Nathan assures his mother that he will be fine and this is a great opportunity.
Person1 helps Person2 rent a Toyota Carola for 3 days. Person2 needs to bring the ID card and the keys to the car by noon on the third day.
Person1 is going to New York to sign a business contract. Person2 suggests seeing the UN building, walking to Broadway, and stopping at the visitor's office for up-to-date maps.
Person2 tells Person1 how long it takes to develop the roll of film.
Person2 tells Person1 Person1's flight has been delayed due to heavy rain. Person1 asks Person2 about the details and will wait for the latest announcement about the delay.
Person2 tells Person1 Person1 can ask the policeman for information about going to Peking University.
Person1 and Person2 are reading the newspaper. Person2 tells Person1 about the bank robbers and the scores of last night's games.
Person1 hates computer games because they are too violent. Person2 thinks boys can learn to use the computer through games.
Person1 suggests going for a few beers after dinner, but Jim doesn't think it's good for their fitness. Then he suggests taking a walk over to the gym and inviting Mary and Sally who are willing to go dancing with them.
Person2 brings Person1 to a restaurant. They choose to have the chicken feet and a bottle of the house red.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 guided a few groups of foreign tourists around some places of interest.
Jack tells Person1 they have a reservation. Person1 helps Jack fill up the forms.
Jill calls Mark to tell him she didn't come to the birthday party for David because of a terrible hangover. Jill then tells Mark that Bill's got a baby girl and they are going to celebrate.
Person1 invites Person2 to the theatre but Person2 refuses because Person2 doesn't want to ring her husband.
Person1 and Person2 are watching a baseball game and both think it's great.
Person2 thanks Person1 for helping Person2.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2's country exports some coal, some iron, and aluminium, and imports a little oil from Venezuela. The government is keen to exploit the natural resources and put the money into long-term projects.
Person2 likes going to an art exhibition once or twice a year while Person1 loves going to art galleries, especially when one is holding an exhibition of abstract art. Person1 will go to an exhibition tomorrow and invites Person2 to go together.
Person1 helps Person2 return a book and check out a video. Person2 be fined if damaging the video.
Person1 tells Person2 about the rules of bowling and will tell Person2 more while playing.
Person2 received some leaflets and asks about the new service. Person1 introduces it to Person2 and tells Person2 Person2 can get additional benefits, such as a tailored consultation service.
Person1's checking out and forgot to put his luggage on the grass. Person2 tells him to do so and simply present his VISA to cover the deposit.
Person1 tells Person2 about the charge of the buffet and the location of the hot dishes and drinks.
Person2 wants to get a loan because Person2 will be studying overseas next year. Person1 tells Person2 Person2 can apply for a loan without parents to guarantor the loan and the loan has no age limitations.
Person2 suggests Person1 pull up some English songs for a few more minutes.
Person2 has impressive writing experience and is writing a novel. Person1 asks Person2 why Person2 is interested in this position.
Person1 actively asks for the results of an interview. Jack suggests Person1 write a letter of inquiry to the company and inquire about the results directly but be politely.
Person1 and Person2 visit Person2's house. Person2 shows Person1 the courtyard, corn ears hanging on the tree branch, and explains why they hang them in the tree.
Person1 will be checking out of the hotel in about 40 minutes. Person2 tells her she can leave her baggage in the storage space with a deposit. Person1'll think about it.
Brandon introduces a new Web site to Person1 and teaches Person1 to sign up. Person1 thinks the website is free but Brandon says it IS free so Person1 needs to enter the credit card information.
Person2 tells Person1 the old lab building can not satisfy the increasing need of teaching, so Person1 and Person2 are going to ask the local government to help build a new one.
Kate is happy she started carrying the credit card that the bank gave her because it makes it easy to spend money. Henry says the bank allows them to use the card to buy fifteen hundred dollars worth of goods and Kate will remember that.
Person1 tells Mr. Smith about the visit to a village in the mountains tomorrow. They will get up at six and have lunch at the village.
Person1 asks Vet about how to deal with stress and depression, her favorite part of having a daughter, her plans for the future, and her favorite quote. Vet also shares her attitude to being a kid and a career plan.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2's interested in collecting stamps since ten years old and shows Person1 a picture of the first two stamps issued in Britain. They both believe collecting stamps gives them much pleasure.
Tom is a successful businessman. He started a web-designed company in high school and raised 18 million dollars from about 50 people. Tom thinks doing things wrong will allow him to learn and grow.
Person1 tells John Day the police are investigating the death of a man found in a pedestrian subway in Neasden. John tells Person1 the man left the Level One Club at 1:30 a.m. and was found in the underpass at 2:15. They are looking for two girls and a man who may have seen the man walking in that direction. However, they haven't been able to identify them due to a lack of time.
Sherry tells Bob that she is going to visit Quebec next summer for a friend's wedding. Bob then suggests that Sherry should practice French before going to Montreal because it is the third largest French-speaking city in the world.
Tom invites Jane to go swimming but Jane has a paper due. Tom will go over there with Jane so that he can study for his test. They will have dinner at the Grill and do everything together.
Person1 has pain in Person1's back. Person2 suggests Person1 take the medicine regularly.
Person1 requests Fred to lend Person1 200 yuan because Person1 has to pay the mortgage. Fred agrees and Person1 will pay it back later.
Person1 wants to improve Person1's handwriting. Person2 tells Person1 to be patient and stick to the task.
Person2 is curling Person2's eyelashes and Person1 thinks it looks like some kind of torture.
Person1 tells Person2 about the driving courses. Person2 is free at weekends and can have 3 hours of training per day, with coaches from experienced coaches.
Tina tells Person1 she's been learning the piano for 8 years and she's still learning from her teacher. Person1 wants to learn from her, too.
Person1 asks Person2 about Person2's strengths, weaknesses, and the future plans. Person2 gives good answers. Person1 thinks Person2 is a good match for them.
Stephanie has a bad headache and feels tired. Person1 suggests she talk to Miss Jenkins and hand in the report on Friday morning.
David refuses Person1's invitation to go skating on the lake and stay in New York for Christmas. David thinks Christmas will be boring.
Bob and Person1 talk about what they did last weekend. Bob visited a friend, went shopping, and played tennis.
Person1 wants to borrow $50 from Person2. Since Person1 doesn't have a job, Person2 suggests Person1 go back home and find a job. Person1 agrees.
Person2 wants to borrow a jacket and a tie from Person1. Person1 reminds Person2 that he cannot borrow from others, so Person2 puts off the time of the conference until 9:30 am.
Person2 tells Person1 some of the younger kids were unhappy during the holiday camp, but they recovered soon. Person2 says there were some trips to the Holyrood, the Castle, and a barbeque.
Person1 doesn't understand why Person2 asks so many questions about admission requirements of college. Person2 explains why he wants to go into computer programming. Person1 admits him.
Kalina calls Professor Clark to tell him she will miss a few days of school because she ran into a tree.
Person2 has a problem with Person2's house owner because he takes too long to repair costs. Person2 tells Person1 that the house owner threw a surprise party for Person2. But everyone in the building was there and some people accidentally broke the living room window. So Person2 has to fix it.
Person2 has been sent over from Turner Interiors to collect some sort of L/C from Sayuri Beds. Person1 asks Person2 to sign a contract.
Myrdal asks Charlie to find her purse. Charlie can't find it anywhere so they go back to the hotdog stand.
Person2 has been washing the dishes for over a week and will do them.
Person1 asks Person2 where their relationship is going. Person2 shows love to Person1 and Person1 realizes both of them love each other.
Person1 and Person2 think the government has to face many social problems because of unemployment.
Person1 asks Person2 to go shopping together to get a costume for a fancy dress party next Saturday. Person2 chooses a cowgirl and asks Person1 where to find it.
Person2 suggests disco dancing in Beijing and invites Person1 to go, then they go to a nightclub. Person1 likes disco dancing best, so Person1 refuses to dance the waltz.
Person1 would love to have Person1's own farm because Person1 wants to get away from working 9 to 5 in an office. Person2 would like to come and visit Person1.
Person2 serves Person1 a two-for-one happy hour special and Person1 orders Heineken, Budweiser and some appetizers.
Mary tells Person1 that she had a big argument with Ann because Ann decided to cancel the trip to the beach because her boyfriend has made plans. Person1 advises her to be more understanding and not let a trivial thing stand in the way of her friendship.
Person1 asks Person2 about where to buy cigarettes and souvenirs. Person2 recommends a shop on the ground floor and the men's room.
Catherine thinks America deserves the name of fast food nation because people here don't care whether it's healthy or not. Tom agrees and says some healthy menu options are also served at fast food restaurants.
Person1 tells Person2 to let the passengers off and move to the rear of the bus. Person2 thought the bus went down Park Avenue but it turns out to be the bus heading for Washington Square Park.
Person1 and Person2 talk about the terrorist attacks on 9-11. Person1 was at home with Person1's parents in New York City. Person2 was in Person2's apartment in Beijing. They think terrorist acts are deliberate and deadly.
Karl and his wife are moving to Minnesota. They tell Person2 they come here because they want to live in a more peaceful community.
Person2 orders a hard-boiled egg with toast and orange juice. Person1 takes Person2's order.
Steven wants to stay up to go over the household budget today, but Person1 suggests he go to bed tonight.
Person1 and Jane will meet before the meeting to kick around some ideas.
Person2 wants to choose a gift for his girlfriend for their fifth anniversary. Person1 recommends some, including a set of pearl earrings, a beautiful heart-shaped pendant, and a bracelet. Person2 is also going to propose, and Person1 thinks it's a great time to propose.
Person1 wants to trade in the old Ford Pinto and buy a new car. Person2 recommends the Ford Focus which is a very fuel efficient vehicle with a very powerful 2.5-liter turbocharged engine and an affordable price.
Person1 calls to offer Ballam the position of computer engineer and asks Ballam about the salary. Ballam agrees to make 4,000 yuan a month for supporting his family.
Person1 tells Person2 the benefits of their agreement. Person2 hopes signing up for the Network Settlement Service will solve all of the problems.
Person1's hungry again and will get a snack. Person2 suggests Person1 make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Person1's getting blood drawn by Person2 to check Person1's white blood cell count. Person2 tells Person1 it hurts to have the blood drawn.
Steven has just suffered a power failure. Mr. Sellers tells Steven to check the circuit boxes and replace the burnt fuses with the good ones.
Paula calls Person2 to tell Person2 Ms. Connors is threatening to evict them for not paying the full rent. Person2 will help her to deal with it.
Person1 and Person2 are going to call a handyman to fix the air conditioning, the bathroom toilet, the electrical wiring, and the gutters outside.
Person1 and Person2 are laid off and are looking for work. They see the posting for the electrician apprentice program and plan to check it out again.
Person2 tells Person1 about Person2's relationship with the boss and the strengths of his strengths.
Mr. Tang brings a copy of the Tour Guide Certificate and tells Person1 he is on holidays.
Person1 shows Person2 the pure gold watch. Person2 thinks it's expensive at first but finally decides to take it.
Tom calls Sara to take her sick daughter Maria to the hospital, and Sara agrees to take care of her son Ken.
Amy tells Person1 about her first job as a secretary to the General Manager. She left that job for a position in the Sales Department.
Andrew's sister is very blunt and tells Andrew that she can be blunt if she wants to be, and Andrew says he is on the Wafu Diet and signed up for it after hearing information in his junk mail.
Greg Sonders from Brown College calls Mary to know if she's interested in college sports. Mary says she played basketball and volleyball. Greg will inform her of the results soon.
Person1 takes a taxi to the railway station. He is not in a hurry but asks Person2 to drive slowly and carefully.
Brian tells Person1 he speaks English well and has been to Las Vegas once.
Person2 goes to the doctor for an annual physical examination. The doctor will do an allergy test and an asthma test. Person2 is expecting the tests to go well.
Person1 tells Person2 Person1 would go round the world if Person1 won the Pools. Person2 wouldn't, but he would be happy if Person2 got a rise. They are going to have a drink together, and Person2 will make it a double.
Person1 is not ready for marriage. Person2 thinks Person1 should get married because Amy is the woman of Person1's dreams but Person1 is just getting cold feet. Finally, Person1 faces the reality and decides to marry Amy.
Person1 wants to get 2000 business cards printed up. Person2 asks Person1 to pay a little extra for an expedited fee.
Brian tells Person1 he has made the reservations and will pick Person1 up at Person1's house at 6:00. Person1 needs to check in by 7:00 and the meeting doesn't open until noon, so Brian will make sure Person1 has a program before work.
Paul is invited to Person1's house for Thanksgiving dinner, but he will not go because his parents are in Finland. Person1 is glad to have Paul celebrate with them and promises to make a great pumpkin pie and a bottle of wine.
John asks Susan to help him look after his cousin because he is on duty. Susan agrees to help but she wants to go to a music festival on Saturday, so John will drop her off at Susan's place on his way to work around 11 pm if there is a snowstorm.
Ben sent off for an evening class and he thinks the photography course is boring. Person1 thinks the $280 website design is too expensive but Ben can afford it. They will call Ben tomorrow to see if there are still spaces available.
Person1 suggests going to the Steakhouse, but Person2 thinks they don't eat meat. They finally decide to go to the Carrots tomorrow evening.
Gene will take the driving test this Saturday and he plans to buy a Honda Accord with a back view camera. Person1's Toyota has one too.
Person2 gives Person1 a pen and Person1 will take it.
Person2 tells Person1 about Person2's company's fundraiser events. They raise several thousand dollars for the American Cancer Society and make money for their company.
Person2 tells Person1 the way to the Peak Tram. Person1 is grateful and will write it down.
Person1 is showing Person2 some traditional Chinese arts and crafts, like sandalwood fans. Person2 buys two small ones and a big one.
Person1 asks Person2 about the factors that influence the company.
Person2 suggests working on the project in advance of a preparatory meeting. Person1 agrees and they schedule it.
Person2 asks Person1 for a short tour. Person1 recommends the first one.
Person1 helps Person2 order food. Person2 will try the banana flavor.
Person1 and Person2 are appreciating the Lantern Festival. Person2 tells Person1 the people always enjoy the lighted lanterns and the gala performances, and Person1 can't understand the reason why there are so many lanterns. Then they find a huge dragon lantern with many Chinese characters.
Tina congratulates Person1 on the good news that Person1 has passed the first two rounds of the interview. They will go for a celebration this evening.
Karren and Tim say goodbye to each other.
Person1 and Person2 are having a department meeting at 10. Person2 will pick up some stationary and make some photocopies. Person1 tells Person2 about the things they usually discuss at the department meetings.
Person1 asks Person2 to tell Person1 how to take a bath and use the buttons.
Person2 tells Person1 about the best-sellers books on the train and recommends a novel to Person1.
Person1 wants Person2 to teach Person1's friend who is 78 years old from South America how to read. Person2 thinks that is thoughtful.
Person2 helps Person1 pick up the ticket and Person1 pays by card.
Person1 suggests making dinner together. Since Person2 thinks frozen pizza is bad for Person2, Person1 teaches Person2 how to cook something healthy. They will have spicy chicken curry and white rice.
Person2 shows Person1 how to use the two phones in the booth. Person1 feels confused and will try both of them.
Person2 tells Person1 EDD has special services to help Person1 get a job. Person2 introduces callous, EDD's two most important workshops, and job fairs.
Tom thinks second-hand goods are just as good as new ones but Person1 doubts that. Tom says it depends.
Person1 thinks it is an awful waste that Chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant, but Morgan tells Person1 it is a tradition in China to order lots of food at restaurants. Morgan was impressed that Person1 tried the pig's feet.
Harry is angry because he got ripped off in the street market. Person2 tells Harry it's the norm of free trade in China and recommends him to consult the price tags in the supermarket first.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 is proficient in English and has English education. Person2 speaks a little French and Japanese.
Person1 assists Person2 to open a new account and explains the advantages of checking accounts and savings accounts. Person2 asks about the penalty for having an overdraft and Person1 tells Person2 it's not much.
Person1 asks Person2 about how to get special discount coupons. Person2 tells Person1 the coupon can be used for at least one year and will get them for Person1.
Mrs. Robinson thanks Steve for looking after Johnny. Steve is grateful and has to go.
Person2 lost his train tickets to Shanghai and wants to buy a soft sleeper because he is afraid of being killed by his wife if he doesn't make it to Shanghai in time. However, Person1 finds his wallet stolen when buying the ticket.
Ann tells Person1 about her trip to the states. Ann did the well-being in the air program and says it makes a difference. Ann didn't drink any alcohol or coffee and she didn't eat rich food. She also did exercises and drank a lot of champagne on the plane.
Mary cannot go to John's party because she has found a job at McDonald's. Tom tells her his father's company will need some people to work for the summer and he will tell his father about it.
Harry tells Person1 he was almost hit by a car when he was crossing the street. Person1 suggests he should be punished by the police.
Mr. Kayne tells Person1 the reason why he wants to run his new bicycle shop. He says he started the business because he loved racing bikes and he had the heart set on it and he didn't keep regular hours. He has hired some employees.
Person1 thinks the couple is middle-aged, but Person2 says they are not. Person1 then invites Person2 to squabbling about it.
Person2 decides to split something with Person2's friends and Person1 prepares apple crisps, a piece of chocolate mousse cake, coffee, and tea for them.
Person1 and Person2 are discussing the plan for the room. Person2 gets the bottom bunk and Person1 gets the top bunk. They flip a coin and talk about where to put the speakers. Then Person2 suggests Person1 get the desk by the window. Person1 thinks it's a good idea.
Person2 helps Mr. Murray get a library card and tells him the hours and limitations are printed on the card.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 works a 9 to 5 job. Person2 gets a bonus depending on the value of the contracts, and Person2 doesn't mind taking breaks during the day. Person1 doesn't like being in a cubicle.
Person2 tells Person1 how to use the washing machines and how to wash clothes. Person1 has never washed clothes before. Person2 thinks Person1 needs a lot of soap but Person1 can't use so much.
Person1 and Person2 are busy. Person2 tells Person1 to call Person2 tonight.
Person1 goes over some areas of Katie's performance and tells her she has improved a lot since last month. Person1 expects her to do something when she doesn't have customers.
Person1 and Person2 are planning a surprise party for Person2's grandpa. They talk about the place to have the party and the food. They decide to do it on Saturday.
Gian Luca Donatelli is a journalist and works for an Italian service provider. Person1 wants to introduce him to a friend.
Kathy finds the countryside is noisy with bird calls. Person2 tells Kathy it's the year of their 17-year bird call and they live near the mountains for the next 17 years.
Person2 orders a turkey sandwich, beef with vegetables and the Diet coke with Person1's assistance at Danny's.
James is watching TV and tells Person1 that he is packing for a trip to the country and is waiting for the jacket he lent to David. He will take the cookies made by Person1 to his grandparents.
Ted and Person1 are discussing where to go for the holiday. They decide to stay at home rather than traveling around.
Person1 asks Person1's dad whether Person1 can go to the cinema and Person2 agrees. Then they decide to go to McDonald's after the movie.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2's house was robbed and Person2 has to wait.
Jack invites Charlie to play a game at his house. Charlie refuses at first but later agrees. Jack tells Charlie about the game.
Person1 asks Person2 how Person2 got interested in country music. Person2 tells Person1 Person2 started buying country music records and started working for the radio station.
Alice shows Person1 how to use the washing machines but Person1 has never washed clothes before. Alice tells Person1 soap is not allowed to be used so much because too many bubbles trapped dirt, allowing bacteria to build up, and it is hard to clean clothes on campus.
Steve tells Matthew he doesn't want to renew his lease, so Matthew suggests Steve come over and have a look through the classifieds. Matthew will ask Mrs. Thou when she's available to show the apartment.
Frank invites Betsy to his promotion party which is held to celebrate the promotion. Betsy gladly accepts.