Person1 asks Ms. Dawson to take a dictation for him. Person1 introduces the new policy that all office communications are restricted to email correspondence and official memos and the use of Instant Messaging is strictly prohibited. The memo should be typed up and distributed to all employees before 4 pm.
Person2 got stuck in traffic again. Person1 suggests Person2 start taking public transport system to work. Person2 feels bad about how much pollution is adding to the pollution problem in this city and decides to quit driving.
Person1 tells Kate that Masha and Hero are getting divorced. Kate is surprised because she thought they are well matched. Person1 says the divorce will be final early in the new year.
Person1 comes to Brian's birthday party and has a dance with him. Brian congratulates Person1 and wishes Person1 a good time.
Person1 and Person2 are in the Olympic stadium. Person2 tells Person1 the stadium will be finished this June. Person1 thinks it's big.
Person1 has decided to write up a business plan and start working for Person1's own company. Person2 tells Person1 it's hard to understand and advises Person1 to just stick to the old job to save the hassle of trying to start up a new business.
Person2 feels itchy. Person1 thinks Person2 has chicken pox and asks Person2 to get away from Person1. Person2 will go take an oatmeal bath.
Person1 gives Person2 the bill but Person2 thinks Person2 didn't take any laundry service during Person2's stay. Person2 asks Person1 to correct the bill.
Person1's wife is going to divorce Person1 because Person1 has an affair with Person1's secretary. Steven will try his best to persuade her to reconsider the divorce.
Person2 thinks Abraham Lincoln is famous for his courage in fighting for equal rights and his humility. Person2 wants to meet him personally.
Person1 tells Person2 that the north of China is experiencing severe sandstorms. Person2 thinks sandstorms are trouble for everybody.
Person2 comes to Francis's birthday party and gives him a gift. Francis appreciates it a lot.
Tony is unhappy because he cheated and got caught by the teacher. Steven encourages him to study hard to learn from his mistakes.
Tom tells Person1 it's ten to nine by Person2's watch. Person1 must be off to catch the nine-thirty train.
Person2 advises Person1 to get plenty of sleep and exercise to adjust Person1's life because Person1 worries about the future.
Person1 invites Person2 to go to Ruojia's wedding party tonight. Person2 feels happy for her marriage and will buy a tea set for her.
Person1 asks Person2 to pull on the strip and peel off the back. Person2 thinks it's cruel but it's fun.
Mike tells Person1 his sister looks like Person1 but she isn't as clever as Person1.
Person2 takes Person1's temperature and thinks Person1 has a small fever. Person2 suggests Person1 call the school office.
Person1 helps Person2 buy a new mobile phone with camera and MP3 player.
Frank will be working for the Post Office and explains why he applied for such a demanding job to Judy.
Person1 asks Person2 about Person2's special skills. Person2 has a doctor license and a driving license, has passed all the Cambridge Examinations, First Certificate and the Certificate of Proficiency in English, and is experienced in IBM-PC.
Person1 wants a medium-rare steak but it isn't to Person1's satisfaction. Person2 will bring him another one if it's not to his satisfaction.
Person1 congratulates Tom on winning the Nobel Prize and congratulates him.
Person2 majors in Automobile Designing and has a master's degree in science. Person2 is a student engineer.
Person1 and Person2 talk about how frequently they drink and how much they drink. Person2 usually drinks at least 10 drinks and Person1 usually drinks 2 beers. Person1 likes beer but Person1 gets a headache when drinking more than 3. They decide to go to the Ram Bar and Grill for having a special on pitchers.
Person1 asks May to help with the preparation for the picnic, and May agrees to help to take food and drink to the living room.
James and Susan meet each other for the first time. They share their holiday experiences with each other. Susan will introduce James to Susan's colleagues.
Person2 guides Person1 to insert the card and transfer 10000 USD to the World Wildlife Foundation. Person1 asks Person2 to remove Person1's card from the slot.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 is outgoing and Person2's strategy in communicating with colleagues.
Mr. Polly wants Person1 to buy a bottle for him in the shop, but Person1 has only four dollars in the wallet.
Monica calls Francis to ask when they can work on the financial report. Francis says it will have to be another time.
Person2 welcomes Person1 to the interview class. Person1 is excited to be taking this workshop to prepare for Person1's interview next week. Person2 tells Person1 the important considerations going into an interview.
Person1 tells Mike that the feeling between Jason and Laura was all wrong. Person1 thinks Mike would react the way most guys would, but Person2 isn't sure how Person2's character would act in this situation.
Person1 comes to visit Mrs. Todd's home to take his wife to take her shopping and they greet each other.
Bill is tired because he has been working until around ten every night this week. Person1 suggests Bill should go home at quitting time and take a rest. Bill agrees and tells Person1 about Bill's brother.
Cleo is not going to the demonstration to help stop the spread of nuclear weapons tomorrow. Simon thinks it's important to stand up for what he believes in and asks the students in his political science class if they want to join the demonstration. Cleo suggests Simon asking the students if they are going.
Person1 thinks it's Person2's own fault to let people come to the door without expecting.
Mark wants to borrow Maggie's notes for history. Maggie suggests copying them in the library because she usually goes to the cafeteria and reviews them. Mark says Mark's notes aren't good and he works in the supermarket so he is tired. Maggie agrees and suggests they be study partners.
Person2 asks Professor Turner if Person2 can enroll in the Advanced Geology course. Professor Turner will let Person2 enroll if Professor Burman thinks Person2 is ready.
Person1 asks Person2 to change the broken pendant to a new one. Person2 asks Person1 to come to Person2's shop with the receipt.
Person1 and Person2 are discussing which gift to keep and exchange for better ones during the Sals-bury Seals game. Person2 asks Person1 to go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over.
Person2 thinks working in the media could be fun. Person1 suggests Person2 become a TV news director, but Person2 prefers working with computers.
Person2 is bored because Person2 works for the Daily News and has to listen to boring people giving boring speeches. Person1 suggests Person2 find a way to entertain Person2 by reading old newspapers with crossword puzzles to keep Person2 busy.
Sarah wants to move but her husband and she can't afford it. Person1 suggests buying a house far away from the city center to save money. Sarah thinks it's a good idea.
Mark Leach, an information officer at the Britain Business Center in London welcomes Person1 to this week's People You Meet. Mark tells Person1 how he manages to meet the needs of so many people and what he does every day to help people come to Britain. He also suggests people come back to Britain to see different parts of the country.
Person1 and Lin Fang talk about their favorite subjects. Lin Fang likes English while Person1 likes Math. Person2 likes English but Person2 doesn't like it much. Person1 thinks Person2 is very different from Nancy.
Mrs. Thomas asks James to take her dog Oscar for a walk and help her with the sweeping the front steps and the garbage. James appreciates the weekend work.
Person1 and Person2 talk about how cold it is in Person1's apartment. Person1 decides to turn on the air conditioner to blow hot air to warm things up.
Person1 tells Mike the feeling was all wrong that Laura doesn't want to see him anymore. Person2 thinks Jason and Laura had been together for 3 years. Person1 thinks Mike would react the way most guys would.
Person1 asks Person2 to take him to Friendship Hotel. Person2 pays for 20 yuan.
Person1 is broke and has to catch another bus. Person2 suggests Person1 get a transfer from the bus driver.
Person2 tells Person1 how long it takes to get to downtown from here and the 7th floor belongs to Person2's company.
Person1 tells Person2 that Lulu asked for a transfer because she broke up with Vic.
Dave calls to speak to Jim but Sally says Jim isn't available. Dave will try later.
Person2 tells Person1 how to get to City Hall. Person1 follows Person2's instructions.
Person1 asks Person2 for help because Person1 can't find Person1's passport. Person2 suggests Person1 contact the embassy for a new passport.
Leah calls Nathaniel to tell him Ms. Collins will not be able to call him back until next week. Nathaniel wants to speak to Ms. Fonda. Person2 arranges for him to book an appointment with Mr. Liu at 2:15 today.
Person1 and Person2 are both scared when Sarah told Person1 that she would marry no man but Dick.
Person1 and Person2 are having fun at the party. Person1 suggests Person2 talk to Janice who is new in town. Person2 thinks Janice is out of Person2's league but Person1 thinks Person2 ought to move soon.
Jack tells Person1 he liked his poli-sci class and Person1 will check it out.
Person2 tells Person1 that it rained last night. Person1 thinks the air is fresh today. Person2 says it may rain again later today. They also talk about the weather in different seasons in Beijing and Person1 reminds Person2 to put on more clothes.
Person1 invites Person2 to go to the movies tonight, but Person2 doesn't like a detective film and prefers a war movie.
Adam shows Person1 around the school. Person1 envies Adam's school and hopes to enter it one day.
Person1 tells Person2 that Person2 is going to be a father. Person2 feels happy.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about John and his girlfriend.
Person1 advises Person2 to add a painting program, a CD-ROM drive, a faster processor, and a faster modem to Person2's system.
Person2 is flying to Crenshaw and Hawthorne. Person2 tells Person1 that Person2 is from Mexico and Person2's 26 years old. Person1 is 40 years old and was born in the U.S.
Person1's weight has gone up again. Person2 advises Person1 to exercise more and go on a diet.
James wants a dinning room but Person1 says the rooms are not available now and will ask the waitress to show him the way.
Person2 tells Person1 the plant was set up in the early 70s and it covers an area of 75,000 square meters. It has 500 employees.
Rebecca tells Person1 about her first job as an intern for a local paper in York Herald and then a junior local news reporter with a national newspaper based in London.
Person1 asks Person2 to make a shopping list before they go to the stationer to buy something for the posters because they need to do a group report tomorrow. Person2 thinks it's a maze and suggests Person1 get a pair of nice glasses.
Mary is tired because she goes to the personnel market every day. Person1 suggests Mary apply for a job on the Internet and assures her it must be safe.
Person2 is making a shopping budget to save the rest to pay the bills. Person1 thinks it's a good idea.
Henry tells Jane that Susan is going to the hospital to see Susan and advises her to take a number 13 bus.
Person1 wants to talk to Person2 about the sales projections for next year. Person1 and Person2 will meet next Tuesday at 2:30.
Person2 recommends a personal tour guide service called 'A friend in New York' to Person1.
Person2 knows this company is one of the largest and best in this field of business. Person2 wants to work in sales department. Person1 tells Person2 the salary and fringe benefits of the company and they can buy full health insurance for Person2.
Person1 comes to sign the agreement with Person2 but it hasn't been fully prepared. Person2 promises to type the agreement this evening and have it duplicated for signatures.
Person1 calls ABC Rent-a-car company to tell Person2 they have a car accident and Person1's friend is seriously injured.
Person2 tells Person1 how to get to the school clinic.
Person2 asks Person1 to change Person2's room because it's too noisy. Person1 apologizes for the noise and changes the room for Person2. Person2 hopes Person2 can be more comfortable in the new room.
Person2's flight is comfortable but Person2's tired, so Person2 asks Person1 to drive Person2 to the hotel. Person1 tells Person2 they'll reach the Beijing hotel in another ten minutes and will pick Person2 up this afternoon. Mr. Wu invites Person2 for dinner and sightseeing.
Person1 is lost and asks Person2 to show Person1 where Person1 is in the map. Person2 shows Person1 the way to Liu Ichang and tells Person1 how to get there.
Person2's computer doesn't work well. Person1 advises Person2 to ring up the repairmen to solve the problem.
Person2 wants to buy a nice gift for Person2's mother as a birthday gift. Person1 recommends a gold watch with clear numbers. Person2 will take it.
Ms. Ross comes to Mr. Fisher's to open a branch in New Zealand. Ms. Ross tells him her son started school and she enjoys it. They then get down to business about the time and date of the presentation.
Person2 tells Person1 the main difference between this country and Person2's country is that Russia is fast while Canada is more relaxed. Person2 thinks people in Russia are fast movers while Americans are more calm.
Person2 will go on a voyage to the Caribbean Sea this year. Person1 tells Person2 the weather can be bad. Person2 will just have to hope for the best.
Person1 and Person2 decide to take the grapes for the picnic.
Person2 helps Person1 rent an economy car.
Person1 and Person2 talk about the difference between people who keep smiling and keep a straight face.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about the good news for the sales for last year. Person1's company's performance has improved a lot since Wallace became president. Person2 thinks their success is partly due to Wallace's contribution and partly because of their new marketing strategy.
Person2 lost Person2's backpack and wallet. Person1 helps Person2 borrow 50 dollars from Person1. Person2 is going to take a bus home and ask for some money from mom.
Steven appreciates Lin's meal in Beijing. Lin tells Steven that Americans appreciate China's rich culinary culture and tipping isn't customary. Lin generally tip hotel porters 10 yuan per bag but first-class hotels don't accept gratuities.
Bill is happy today because he made a move. Person1 asks Bill what the matter is. Bill says Brain Locker is Bill's roommate.
Person2 helps Tom Wilson to pay for his bill by credit card.
Person1 tells Person2 Carol calls to know if the party is tonight or tomorrow night. Person2 asks Person1 to tell Carol it's tomorrow night at 8:30.
Person1 wants to know Person2 from somewhere else but Person2 doesn't think they know each other. Person1 reminds Person2 that they have met before. Person2 reminds Person1 that Person2 works at the Whole Bean Cafe.
Person1 and Person2 both voted for Donald. Person2 trusts that he will make America great again while Person1 will vote for Biden.
Person2 tells Person1 how to use the ATM.
Susan asks John where the memo about office procedures is. John doesn't know.
Person1 invites Lily to join the picnic this weekend.
Person2 tells Person1 that Chinese table etiquette is different from that in Person2's homeland. Person2 has to use chopsticks and Person1 thinks Person2 should never stab the chopsticks into the rice bowl. Person1 advises Person2 to place the incense sticks horizontally over the bowl, but Person2 thinks it's inauspicious.
Mary and Frank talk about their favorite genres of movies. Mary usually rents movies at Movie Salon while Frank watches movies at the movie rental store. Frank may sign up for its membership.
Person2 thought about joining the green party but Person2 didn't have enough time to devote to it. Person1 thinks smaller political and pressure groups influence large political parties. Person2 agrees that most people are not politically aware.
Mr. Wilson is angry about the mistakes in Mr. Wilson's goods. Person1 assures him that such a thing won't happen again in future delivery.
Person2 witnessed the robbery. Person1 asks Person2 to come to the station for more questioning.
Person2 tells Person1 they will have dinner on their own because Person2's dad and mom will take mom out tonight.
Person1 tells Carol Person1 has decided to go on a diet to cut out all the junk food and Person1 is going to stick to it. Carol is surprised.
Karen Huang wants to register for Comp Lit 287. Person1 tells Karen that the class is full and suggests Karen come and talk to Person1 in the department office to get into the class. Karen Huang is surprised that Person1 didn't know Karen was one of their students and asks Person1 to give Karen the code number of the university computer system.
Person1 and Person2 will walk to the Garden Hotel together because Person1 forgot the umbrella.
Jack gives Daisy a ride in Jack's new clunker. Daisy thinks Jack made a perfect choice.
Person2 tells Person1 the exact time when the big fire broke out.
Person1 shows Person2 to the cashier's and Person2 pays for her bill by credit card with Person2's husband's assistance.
Person2 wants to get Person2's car washed. Person1 recommends a special shampoo and a vacuum cleaner to Person2.
Person1 asks Harry where to spend the holidays. Harry may go to Egypt with his wife and may travel by sea. Person1 thinks it's cheaper but it takes a long time. Harry thinks they need to solve some problems before going to travel.
Johnson asks Person2 to tell him how to get started using the machines. Person2 says it's important to go through a good stretch and the card allows him to keep track of how much weight he uses on each machine. Johnson will go through the machines with Person2 one by one and Person2 will show Person1 how to use them.
Person1 and Person2 are both out of a job. Person2 suggests they apply for electrician program and Person1 agrees.
Person2 fed the puppies food and will give them a bath. Person1 reminds Person2 of the vet appointment.
Person1 asks Ayden to loan Person1 some cash since Person1 is broke. Ayden agrees to give a fraction of it to Person1 and promises to pay it back on Monday. Then Ayden invites Person1 to come over and have dinner at Ayden's place tonight.
Person2 worked in a charity organization and learned a lot from that experience. Person2 thinks it had direct impact on Person2's way of thinking.
Person2 asks Person1 to inform Person2 when Person2's organization will make a decision.
Person2 recommends Moutan and suggests Person1 have a taste. Person1 agrees.
Dan called Angela and Angela asks Dan to tell Megan that Angela's friend is getting married next week. Angela invites Dan to come to the wedding with her and Megan, and Dan agrees.
Person1 and Person2 are going to have Italian tiramisu for dessert. Person2 wants to try Greek yogurt first. Person1 doesn't like it, so Person2 suggests Person1 try Person2's yogurt and Person1 suggests Person2 try Person1's fried bananas.
Mr. Smith tells Person1 Mr. Smith has a B. A. in Economics and has worked in a bank for the last five years.
Person1 buys a digital Barbie for Person1's niece as the best seller with Person2's assistance.
Person1 helps Person2 buy a pair of sport shoes.
Person1 wants to go to the science museum but Person1's been lost for the past few hours. Person2 guides Person1 to get to the train station and get off at State Street Station.
Person1 asks Simon how he feels to be retired. Simon tells Person1 that he has been spending his time with his family and traveled a bit during the off-season. Then Simon introduces the scheme that he could apply for project work with the company he used to work for. Person1 thinks it's good for Simon.
Person1 asks Rocky to dance with someone like that woman over there, but Rocky wants to go home to a TV dinner and his dog, Rusty, while Person1 prefers a woman who's affectionate, outgoing, caring, and non-judgmental. Rocky refuses Person1's idea of the perfect woman.
Person1 and Person2 talk about the heavy storm last night. Person2 thinks it's time for nice spring weather while Person1 thinks the weather is terrible.
Person1 persuades Person2 into watching TV with Person1, but Person2 doesn't want to watch TV because Person2 thinks it's boring and wants to do other things to learn from.
Ben is nervous about tomorrow's lessons. Person1 encourages him to take it easy and tells him the schedule.
Adam's knee is not serious. Person1 suggests Adam should have a rest and watch videos to know more about Saturday's game. Adam will be back tomorrow for full practice.
Person1 asks Person2 to edit a copy for Person1. Person2 agrees.
Person1 asks Person2 to help her to put the curtain up.
Person1 asks Jack to check his calendar for a weekend camping trip.
Person1 forgives Person2 for getting upset over nothing after Person2 was called to put out some major forest fires. Person1 tells Person2 that Person1 is pregnant and will go to the doctor first thing in the morning. Person2 is surprised that the baby isn't Person1's.
Person2's worried about Person2's daughter who can't decide about college. Person1 suggests Person2 encourage her to make her own decision.
Person1's worried that Person1 will lose Person1's job because Person1 made a big mistake. Person2 comforts Person1 and suggests Person1 figure out what Person1 should do if Person1 loses the job to save money. Person1 thinks losing the job would be a good thing.
Person2 invites Person2's friend who just dropped in from the UK to give a speech. Person1 might want to go too.
Person2 thinks Person2's getting sick and refuses Person1's invitation to John's house tonight.
Mr. Faber calls York Hotel to book a double room for 3 nights with Person1's assistance.
Person2 recommends West Derby because it's closer to Person1's office. Person1 wants a cheap single room. Person2 tells Person1 they have another office in South Derby and a good friend of Person2's who works there is John Godfrey.
Person1 blames Person2 for trying to give money to the policeman and suggesting driving instead of taking the train because they were running so late.
Dan calls Darlene to tell her that the order of 100 computers has been delayed for 2 days and asks for Steve's phone number to inform Steve about this.
Person2 tells Person1 when the Washington Post and the Los Angeles Times were founded.
Person2's computer has some kind of virus and Person2 can't send out the email. Person1 suggests Person2 send a compressed one.
Person2 enjoyed Person1's weekend. Person1 hopes Person2 can come and stay again next time.
Person1 wants to get a bite to eat but doesn't know where to eat. Person2 recommends Panda Express.
Marry tells Tom that they had decided to offer the sales position to someone else. Tom asks her to reconsider the decision and give him a chance.
Person1 warns Person2 Person2 will be arrested if Person2 calls Person1 again.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 wants to be a music teacher because Person2 has a bachelor and a master's degree in music and art. Person2 likes music that has fast beat and is lively. Person1 recommends classical music to Person2 because classical music is good for the brain and Person2 may want to listen to some classical music.
Person2 met the girl living under Person2's and tells Person1 she's nice. Person2 is thinking of inviting her to dinner sometime to see if she's available.
Person1 complains to Person2 that Mirella dresses in jeans and sweatshirts to work. Person2 tells Person1 that management decided to give her four brand new white dresses as a way of telling her that her new style of dressing down is not quite acceptable.
Person2 is going to set up Person2's own law office. Person1 wishes Person2 good luck.
Peter tells Kate he was on line the whole night and needs a rest.
Person1 and Person2 agree that ships and boats are no longer so important in transportation as they used to be. Person1 says most of the transoceanic cargo transportation is still carried by boat.
Fanny tells Andy that Fanny had a bad dream last night because all the ghosts chased Fanny through the graveyard and Fanny's mother woke Fanny up. Fanny feels bad because Fanny is worried about getting into the University of Michigan.
Person1 and Ernie are excited about starting a band together. Person1 suggests they play some Vanilla Ice songs.
Person2 enjoyed the trip to New Orleans and wants to do something tonight. Person1 suggests an evening riverboat tour and Person2 agrees.
Person1 pays by credit card with Person2's assistance.
Mr. Blake can't send the training manuals to Mr. Foster because they're being copied.
David will drive to Salt Lake City to join his brother and his family for his brother's fortieth birthday. Person1 thinks it sounds good and encourages David to have a nice vacation.
Person2 reminds Person1 to board the plane and promises to take care of Pamela when Person1 is away. Person1 appreciates that Person2 has stood by Person1 the whole time. Person2 hopes Person1 will have a nice flight and a successful start in business.
Person2 tells Person1 the busiest street of this city and the bus Person1 should take.
Person2 is watching a program about Islam. Person2 tells Person1 Muslims call this pilgrimage haj and Person2 thinks Muslims believe Muslims should go on a haj at least once in his life. Person1 says people get killed on the haj because Muslims must walk around a large, sacred black stone and the Saudi government tries to limit the number of pilgrims to reduce the chances of accidents. Then Person2 says people go to Lourdes in France where people get healed.
Person2 tells Person1 how to get to the Central Department and the national bank.
Person1 invites Person2 to go to London for a few days next week. Person1 prefers to go on the train while Person2 prefers to take the car. Person2 suggests going by express bus.
Tom enjoyed Tom's lunch while Catherine brough lunch from home today. Tom thinks Tom must feel right at home here as they get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America.
Person1 helps Person2 order a glass of lemonade as an appetizer, barbeque wings as the main course, and baby-back ribs.
Person2 orders a double cheeseburger with everything on it and pays for it with Person1's assistance.
Person2 made some muffins for breakfast. Person1 asks Person2 to make Person1's eggs. Person2 says Person2's father had scrambled eggs every morning for twenty years and Person1 thinks Person1 is picky sometimes.
Person2 tells Person1 the Grand Hotel is on the 11th Avenue, Park Street.
Person1 wants to take a picture of Person2 to show Person1's children how an American policeman looks.
Person2 asks Person1 if there's a vacant room for tomorrow. Person1 says they are full.
Person2 has applied for the visa to study in the United States and will have an interview next week. Person2 thinks it's difficult for Chinese people to get a student visa because Chinese people don't complete the forms correctly or don't include all the required documents.
Person1 is going to bed early because Person1 didn't have a good time with Person2 last time. Person2 invites Person1 to meet Person2 tomorrow night for drinks but Person1 has to go to sleep.
Mary often shops online and tells Person1 it's convenient and time-saving. Person1 tried to buy some clothes online but Person1 didn't know how to pay for them. Mary suggests checking the account at the online bank first.
Person2 hasn't worked in an American company and introduces the most fundamental concepts of American-styled accounting to Person1.
Jane invites Peter to go to Xi'an in the summer. Peter is interested and they talk about the cost. Peter probably would go to Xinjiang or Tibet for a holiday while Jane may go to the southwest.
Person2 wants to rent some movies for Person2's daughter. Person1 tells Person2 the new releases are $3.50 and all other movies are two dollars. Person2 decides to rent them tonight.
Person2 helps Person1 to find Mr. Lee's parcel.
Person2 tells Person1 the plane will be closed and suggests they stay in the airport hotel for the night. Person1 agrees.
Person1 wants to repay the favor to Person2 and Person2 agrees to treat Person1 Dutch.
Person2 has been having a hard time sleeping lately because Person2 is worried about Person2's grades. Person1 suggests Person2 relax and listen to light music or classical music to release the stress. Person2 will try it out.
Person1 wants to give their kitchen the works. Person2 thinks it's convenient and good but Person1 wants a beautiful and clean kitchen.
Walter thinks Professor Wood is brilliant while Sterling thinks he's absent-minded.
Person1 wants to get Person1's test results from the other day. Person2 asks Person1 to come in this afternoon for a second look.
Martin is ready for the coming exams with a part-time job and thanks Mister Lamb for helping Martin with his problem of pocket money. Eliza thinks the students welfare club is fantastic.
Person1 wants to mail a package to Korea. Person2 tells Person1 it will cost Person1 20 pounds because it's too heavy.
Person1 calls Linda to tell her Person1 can't find Person1's cellphone in the hotel room. Linda asks Person1 to keep the phone in the pocket for the wedding.
Person1 comes to Los Angeles for tourism and invites Person2 to join Person1 here. Person2 agrees.
Person1 and Person2 talk about their plans for summer vacation. Person2 wants to work part-time at Person2's uncle's company and Person1 wants to be successful in the future.
Person2 tells Mary that Person2 went to deliver milk but the garden gate of No.12 was locked. Person2 jumped over the fence and a huge dog rushed at Person2. Mary thinks it's funny.
Person2 has been with a company for 6 years. Person2 tells Person1 Person2 doesn't feel the same way as Person2 did 6 years ago because Person2 is more enthusiastic now and Person2 works longer hours. The company helps Person2 to develop new skills.
Person2 helps Person1 to open a current account and tells Person1 current accounts don't pay out interest. Person1 then asks Person2 how to draw money for Person1's own use.
Person2 recommends several Chinese food cuisines to Person1 for Person1's first time to China. Person1 wants to try the Cantonese one and Person2 recommends Quanjude restaurant. Person2 will write the name of the restaurant down on a piece of paper so that Person1 can ask for direction.
Person2 tells Person1 they agreed to agree to Person1's price but they are worried about the slow delivery. Person1 will draft the agreement right away and sign it then.
Person1 asks Person2 to bring him a new reading lamp.
Person2 introduces the 2006 fiscal year marketing plan to Person1. Person2 tells Person1 they wanted to appeal to a younger set of consumers and redo their image. Person1 also set a goal to double distribution in overseas markets and describes for Person2 the second and third parts.
Person2 is going to travel around Europe during Person2's holiday. Person2 will visit Nice, Milan, and the UK. Person1 asks Person2 to buy a souvenir for Person1.
Mr. Fox made a mid-size vehicle reservation. Person2 says they ran out of cars and offers a compact or an SUV for him. Mr. Fox asks Person2 to give him the insurance.
Person1 wants to play the card games. Person2 reminds Person1 not to make noise. Person1 promises Person1 won't get into trouble.
Ann makes coffee for Mr. Jones and tells him the schedule for the meetings he has this week.
Person2 is preparing for a geography class. Person1 and Person2 talk about the map of the world. Person2 thinks the oceans and landscapes influence global climate and Person1 will try and attend Person1's geography class to find more information about it.
Person2 reserved a non-smoking room but the smell of smoke in the room is so strong that Person2 can't endure it. Person1 will change the room for Person2.
Person1 reminds Bill not to touch the wet paint. Bill says the workmen forgot to put up a notice of the wet cement so they walk across it without a notice.
Benjamin comes to Ella's house for the first time and they hope to get together again soon.
Bill tells Jim that Dick has been sick since he came back from Italy.
Person1 complains to Person2 that Person2 has worked overtime for two weeks without a break. Person2 says Person2 is working for minimum wage and they don't give extra pay for overtime. Person1 suggests Person2 quit because Person2 would not be qualified for another job.
Lisa tells Person1 that she found out her husband Mark is cheating on her. Mark has been seeing someone else for two months. Lisa asked Mark about the girl who called Mark and Mark admitted to a small indiscretion. Lisa told Mark she would divorce him if he wouldn't tell her the truth or end the relationship with her.
Person2 tells Person1 that Person2 has been eating too much. Person1 suggests putting yourself on a diet.
Person2 asks Person1 to pass through life at Person2's side, but Person1 wants to leave.
Person2 tells Person1 how to use the library. Person1 wants to check out two books on spoken English and Person2 shows Person1 where to find them.
Person1 suggests having lunch and going to the beach if the weather stays nice. Person2 agrees.
Person1 confiscates Person2's camera and tells Person2 Person2 can buy slides and picture postcards at the souvenir shop.
Person1 explains the loan's interest rate to Person2. Person2 thinks it's good but Person2 has a terrible credit score. Person1 tells Person2 the bank must assess Person2's personal information, past loans, assets, and credit score to approve the loan.
Monica's presentation at the meeting was successful. Person1 congratulates her and admires her prepared well. Monica's colleagues helped her with the statistics in the presentation. Monica asks Person1 not to flatter her anymore.
Tom invites Person1 to go for a run, but Person1 prefers to run in the morning. Tom suggests Person1 come tomorrow. Person1 agrees.
Person2 introduces the Japanese Restaurant to Person1. Person1 will be there before 9:30 pm.
Person1 invites Mr. Simpson to have lunch together.
Person1 asks Person2 for Person2's help to take a date to a restaurant. Person2 recommends the Gramercy Tavern, but Person1 doesn't want to be cooped up in his own hotel tonight, so Person2 suggests another restaurant.
Person2 helps Person1 order food and drink. Person1 pays $50 and asks Person2 to keep the change.
Person1 and Person2 talk about the popular sports in their countries. Person2 likes football in Person2's country while Person1 likes swimming in Person1's country. Person1 says there are plenty of people who play golf in both of the countries.
Person1 helps Person2 make a flight reservation for the twenty-third of this month. Person2 wants to catch a return flight to Helsinki and requests a vegetarian meal. Person1 recommends the cheapest flight.
Person1's flying to Florida to visit Person1's grandmother who knows her way around Disney World.
Person2 hasn't been to Australia and would like to see the Great Barrier Reef.
Laura is off to the gym to stay in shape. Person1 does a lot of walking for exercise and enjoyment, and Person1 invites Laura to join Person1 at the gym sometime, but Person1 is lazy.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 was born in Chicago. Person2 grew up in the suburbs and lived in Munich for a while.
Person2 thinks Person1's new suit reminds Person2 of the one Person2 saw at the new department store.
Robin, president of the Martha Bicycle Club, introduces the mountain lake cycle tour to Ann on university radio. Robin also introduces the time and the number of cyclists in this year's tour.
Person2 doesn't know what to drink. Person1 recommends a Compari and Person2 takes one.
Eric invites Gregory to have lunch together. Gregory refuses because he is too scared of bungee jumping. Eric encourages him to come off it and teaches him how to do it himself. Gregory thinks Eric has lost his wallet.
Person2 helps Person1 do an internet search to find information on World War Two and recommends a history book for ditailed information.
Person2 is a little lost in the gym and asks Person1 to give Person2 a few pointers. Person1 advises Person2 to start off by working with less weight and stretch before pumping iron. Person2 is amazed at Person1's weight.
Person2 recommends a parking structure for students to Person1 and tells Person1 how to find it.
Emily asks Susan about Emily's paycheck. Susan explains the tax, the number on the pay stub represents Emily's gross pay, the FICA stands for Federal Insurance Contribution Act, the SUI/SDI tax, Social Security and Medicare are both federal programs, and the Medicare isn't actually a health insurance Emily can use now. Susan also explains the deduction for health insurance and the state income tax. Susan says all those deductions do add up and nobody's net pay is as high as they'd like. Emily thinks everything else Emily can figure out on her own.
Person2 teaches Person1 how to buy something from the new snack things. Person1 thinks they are unreliable. Person2 reminds Person1 to make the selection and hope for the best.
Person2 will meet Person2's girlfriend in Thailand for the first time. Person1 is surprised that Person2 has met the girlfriend over the Internet. Person2 thinks people are getting to know each other much more quickly this way.
Kate invites James to come through to the living room and admires the furniture of the new three-pieces suite of the house. James thinks the carpet looks like Kate's old carpet.
Person2 tells Bill about Bill's daily exercise schedule. Bill doesn't know how to walk to work and it's time for the dance class.
Marquet thinks Person1 should take a good science course since Person1 is weak in maps.
Tim tells Person1 he chose to talk about his project because he decided to see what he could do in his own life to lead a greener life. Person1 asks Tim's experience of getting information for this project. Tim then recommends Person1's school cafeteria to Person1.
Person1 feels tired because Person1 works in the toy department at the shopping center which is much busier than usual. Person1 overslept and was late yesterday. Person2 comforts Person1 that Christmas doesn't mean much to Person1 except more work and more headaches.
Bill invites Sue to have some cake for her birthday, but Sue is not in the cake because she's trying to avoid being allergic to something. Bill then suggests getting her a salad and hot soup for Sue's birthday. Sue agrees. Bill will call the restaurant to tell the guests they'll be there in a few hours.
Person2 is looking for some summer clothes in Person1's clothes shop and buys a T-shirt with a 20% discount and a skirt with Person2's assistance.
Person2 is sorry that Person1 didn't come to reconfirm Person1's ticket. Person1 wants the next one.
Person1 and Yi-jin talk about Person2's family reunion on Easter.
Person1 tells Person2 that Person1's son says painful words every day. Person2 suggests Person1 treat him with patience, affection, and respect and Motivate Tony to cooperate by rewarding his good behavior.
Person1 tells Person2 that Person1's friends Julie and Alex are getting married. Person1 invites Person2 to Wendy's bachelorette party.
Person1 helps Person2 get Person2's ballot and tells Person2 how to vote.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about who will get sacked in their company's cutbacks. Person1 thinks it might be George, Andy, Lisa, or Michael, while Person2 thinks it will be Person1 because Person1 has got a family relationship with the boss. Person2 is not too worried.
Person2 watched a Chinese TV series called Chinese-style Divorce. Person1 thinks it reflects some of their difficulties in this ever-changing world. Person2 agrees that the short-lived marriage is typical of the post-80s generation.
Judy shows Person1 the list of their financial budget. Person1 is afraid that the accommodation will also deteriorate. Judy suggests choosing the Youth Hotel.
Person1 tells Person2 Mary married a French man. Person2 is surprised.
Person2 lost Person2's wallet. Person2 borrows 50 dollars from Person1 to buy books and go to the gas station with Person2.
Person1 tells Person2 that Murphy Music and U-Tunes are merging. Person2 doubts that they would take the step to merge. Person1 thinks they must have figured it would be easier to merge to keep up the cutthroat competition.
Joe thinks Person1's new assistant is stuck-up but Person1 thinks she's helpful to Person1.
Sarah tells Person1 that the meeting didn't go well because no one listened to her suggestions. Person1 advises her to keep things short and sweet and speak to those who are directly involved.
Person2 is watching a program about islam. Person2 tells Person1 Muslims' on a pilgrimage to mecca and explains why Muslims' believe that every man should go on a haj at least once in his life. Person1 then asks Person2 the place in France where people get healed and Person2 thinks there's something magical about that place.
Ted is afraid of being rejected by Jenny who has a crush on him. Mike encourages him to tell Jenny to let her know what he's feeling about her.
Person2 usually listens to music to relieve Person2's anger and works out to relieve other people's anger.
Person2 tells Person1 about Person1's uncle Bill, his wife and two daughters in New Zealand. Person1 also asks Person2 about the step-sisters, Sarah and Jane. Person2 says they will travel to Europe next year.
Person1 congratulates Mr. Stuart on winning the city marathon.
Person2 comes to the duty-free shop to pick out some presents for his children and wife. Person1 recommends 5 pairs of cool sneakers and a bottle of perfume to Person2. Person2 will take one.
Hong suggests Person1 use a local SIM card to call back to the UK for free.
Mr. Brown asks Person2 about Person2's monthly salary. Person2 says Person2 is paid on a salary and Person2 appreciates Mr. Brown's assistance.
Person2 doesn't like Barry because he's too ambitious and dishonest. Person1 agrees with Person2 that Paul and Barry are different. Person2 thinks Person1 isn't as shy as Person1 thinks.
Person1 is interested in buying a house in Pasadena or Arcadia. Person2 asks Person1's requirements and will call Person1 in a few days.
Mr. Grant asks Person2 to leave the samples with him. Person2 agrees.
Person2 tells Person1 how to get to Sons from PHS by bus.
Mr. Lee gives Mrs. Word a lift home since it's a terrible night.
Person1 asks Person2 to take off the jacket and shirt and have the shoulder X-rayed. Person1 thinks it's probably nothing serious and suggests Person2 stay in the hospital for the night.
Person2 lost Person2's card in the hotel lobby bar. Shelley asks Person2 to calm down and will help Person2 take some details FRCM Person2.
Person1 is going to take a nap and asks Person2 to wake Person1 up. Person2 suggests Person1 sleep until Person1 wakes up.
Person2 wants Chinese food, bean milk, chili paste, and two value meals. Person1 asks Person2 to put down the table in front of Person2. Person2 asks Person1 to press the button if Person2 needs help.
Person1 and Person2 are waiting for their turn. Person2 suggests they get the table wares they need first and then stand in the line.
Person1 asks Lucy to put on an Elvis'song for Stanley when it's her turn.
Person2 thinks home video players will replace movie theatres and force them out of the entertainment business.
Person2 prefers a white dress since it's getting warmer at this time of the year.
Person1 asks Person2 to have Person2's allowance. Person2 forgets about that and thinks Person2 owes Person2 $1313 dollars. Person1 suggests going to the secret money jar under the bed to save money for the poor people.
Person1 and Person2 talk about Mike's birthday party. Person1 will ring Mike up and ask Mike about it. Person2 will drive to Mike's party.
Person1 wants to send a package and some stamps by first-class mail. Person2 tells Person1 where to get them.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about the terrible earthquake in Wenchuan. Person2 tells Person1 that earthquake is one of the most badly natural disasters in the world and explains that's because people in China know two words'save' and 'assistance'.
Person1 and Person2 talk about the miserable weather. Person2 thinks the rainy season will be over soon while Person1 prefers warm weather.
Person1 and Person2 will go to the Olympic souvenir store after the volleyball match to have a look. Person1 thinks the Olympic Mascots are lovely, especially 'Huan Huan'.
Person1 buys an aluminum pan with a lightweight wooden handle and a lid with Person2's assistance. Person1 pays with cash.
Person1 and Person2 will meet after work.
Mr. Becker shows Person1 his offices. Mr. Becker thinks government service can be rewarding and secure. Person1 thinks most federal employees are honest, hard-working professionals.
Henry invites Pete to meet Mr. Johnson who works in the same city. Pete is an expat in China and loves life there while Henry is a New Yorker who was raised in Brooklyn. They will have dinner and then go down to the bar district for Karaoke tonight.
Julie tells Mr. Jones that she has been ill since last Sunday. The doctor thinks it was food poisoning. Julie went to a restaurant for lunch with her classmates last Sunday and felt sick. Julie is feeling a little better now. Julie's classmates have been bringing her their notebooks to keep up with all her lessons.
Person1's friends are coming this afternoon. Mike will buy juice, water, fruit juice, cola, coffee, and apples to help Person1 to prepare for the friends' coming.
Person1 welcomes Person2 to Berlin. Person2 tells Person1 Person2's feeling after the long bus ride. Person1 suggests Person2 should be more careful with health and will probably visit Person2 next time.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 hasn't done this kind of work before and Person2 likes traveling and meeting people. Person2 can speak foreign languages well and likes public speaking.
Jimmy tells Amy that Jennie and Bill invited him for a picnic and they went to Beihai Park with Jenny and Bill yesterday. Amy called Jimmy yesterday but Jimmy didn't pick up. Amy invites Jimmy to give his book back to her. Jimmy agrees.
Peter wants to water the garden but it's dry. Person1 suggests Peter have tea instead.
Person1 tells Person2 they need to call an emergency meeting when Ken gets back.
Person2 buys some stamps and pays for the registered letter with Person1's assistance.
Mr. Smith has a nasty infection. Person1 prescribes some antibiotics and some cream and will send the prescription down to the pharmacy for Mr. Smith.
Person2 wants to take some Chinese arts and crafts home. Person1 recommends Person2 to buy paper-cuts, embroidery, and batik.
Person1 introduces the famous Eiffel Tower to Person2.
Person1 asks Brian how to speak English and how long he has been in the U.S.
Person2 is worried about a boy who should be here an hour ago. Person1 comforts Person2.
Person1 warns Person2 Person2 will get into trouble if Person2 doesn't do the right thing. Person2 thinks everything has been so smooth as clockwork.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about John and his girlfriend.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about the historical figures in London. Person2's looking forward to seeing Westminster Abbey, the great admires of Nelson's column, while Person1's excited to see the famous castle, the prison, and the crown jewels. Person1 recommends Madame Tussaud's to Person2.
Daniel tells Person2 that he likes science most. Person2 is surprised and hopes Daniel can learn more about the world around them clearly through this course.
Person1 thanks Carla for organizing a great baby shower for Person1. Carla gives Person1 some gifts for the baby. Person1's water broke so Carla asks Person1 to go to the hospital.
Person1 wants to go to China for sight-seeing. Person2 refuses Person1's invitation.
Tim and Karren meet for the first time and greet each other.
Person2 went to see Michael last night. Person2 likes Michael's new motorcycle but Person2 wants to buy a bicycle because bicycles are safer.
Person2 can speak English and French well. Person2 thinks Person2's English is good enough to do general desk work.
Person2 asks Person1 to tell Nancy that Andy called Naom's sister.
Person2 tells Person1 that Person1's flight has been canceled. Person1 feels miserable and asks Person2 to book Person1 on tomorrow's flight.
Person1 suggests going to Burger Queen for lunch because they have good cheeseburger and good French fries. Person2 is hungry and wants to order their food first. Person1 persuades Person2 to wait for the food to come.
Person1 asks Person2 to pay the excess luggage charge and gives Person2 a fragile label.
Person1 is parched. Person2 advises Person1 to drink water to quench Person1's thirst.
Wang Miao from AB company calls Mr. Liang to transfer Mr. Green's apology to Mr.Liang.
Person1 buys a pair of enameled leather shoes with Person2's assistance.
Benjamin doesn't know how to write a project report because he only does the research reports. Person1 suggests Benjamin should include more details about his final conclusion and pay attention to the format of the report. Benjamin asks Person1 to help him with it.
Person2 calls Pizza House to order a medium pizza with pepperoni, olives, and extra cheese. Person2 also orders a seafood pizza on thin crust with Person1's assistance.
Person1 orders prawn cocktail, tomato soup, and mineral water with Person2's assistance. Person2 will be back soon.
Person1 introduces the house to Person2. Person2 thinks it sounds good.
Person2 has bought a personal stereo at Person1's shop but it hasn't matched up with what Person2 was told about. Person2 is not happy with it because there's a large scratch across the front of it and the noise can be heard by others. Person1 suggests exchanging it for another model, but Person2 isn't happy with that.
Person2 hasn't made the dorm deposit for next year. Person1 suggests Person2 should hurry up if Person2 wants a dorm room because there aren't enough rooms for every one and first-year students have priority. Person2 also suggests Person1 study in the library instead of living off campus to save money.
Person1 and Person2 are going to buy an old book of children's stories. Person1 wants to buy a book with William Shakespeare's signature but Person2 thinks Person1's seventy-five-cent story is a better buy.
Person1 takes Person2 to the Beijing Tasty Restaurant. Person2 orders food and asks Person1 to get Person2's food ready in 20 minutes.
Person1 wants to make sure Person1's son receives the letter with an important certificate. Person2 recommends Person1 to send it by registered mail.
Tom gives Sally and John a letter from Tom. Sally is happy to hear that Tom and John will be in town in January. Tom will pick them up when Tom arrives.
Person1 is frustrated because Person1's computer is broken. Person2 comforts Person1.
Person1 and Person2 talk about the beautiful weather. Person2 wants to have a picnic this weekend, but Person1 thinks it will rain.
Person2 helps Person1 find some general information on computers and will show Person1 how to find them on the Reference Desk.
Person1 welcomes Person2 to the French Garden Restaurant. Person2 orders a tuna fish sandwich, a bowl of vegetable soup, and a bottle of water.
Person1 helps Person2 order a glass of lemonade as an appetizer, barbeque wings as the main course, and baby-back ribs.
Person1 helps Person2 order some water and dessert.
Person2 would say yes if Eric asked Person2 out on a date and Person1 would buy two tickets for a trip around the world if Person1 won the lottery. Person2 will go with Person2 if Person2 buys a ticket with Person1.
Person1 shows Jack a picture of Person1's new puppy. Jack thinks he's cute.
Person1 tells Person2 Tom's bike is better than Person1's. Person1 will buy a big car one day. Person2 is looking forward to the traffic.
Person1 recommends a skirt to Person2 but Person2 thinks the price is ridiculous.
Person2 tells Person1 that Person2's city was a small insignificant village 200 years ago and then it grew into a large industrial centre. The names of the village survive as the names of parts of the city. The buildings from the villages still survive.
Person1 and Person2 are talking about the environmental problems in the world. Person2 hopes the world leaders can get together to solve the problem of air pollution before they destroy the atmosphere and Person1 thinks developing countries put more emphasis on economic development than on environmental protection. Person1 suggests Person2 join an organization committed to protecting the environment to improve the environment.
Person2 advises Dennis to see a doctor because Dennis has been busy lately. Dennis tells Person2 he pretended to be a 16-year-old girl to talk to a guy in chat rooms. Person2 advises him to get a good doctor.
Nathan is going to go to Chicago for his practice. He's excited about his summer vacation and he's not worried about working for a big newspaper like the Chicago Tribune. Person1 thinks it's a great opportunity for him to get some on-the-job training.
Person2 rents a Toyota Carola in black for 3 days with Person1's assistance. Person2 has to bring the car back by noon on the third day.
Person2 recommends New York's universities to Person1 when Person1 comes to New York to sign a business contract. Person2 also suggests Person1 stop at the visitor's office for good up-to-date maps.
Person1 asks Person2 to develop the roll of film for Person1.
Person1's flight has been delayed due to heavy rain. Person2 tells Person1 the weather will change according to the latest weather forecast, so Person1 has to wait.
Person1 asks Person2 to tell Person1 where Peking University is on the map but Person2 can't because Person2 is a stranger.
Person2 tells Person1 the same old stuff in the paper. Person1 asks Person2 the weather report and the scores of last night's games.
Person1 hates computer games because they are too violent. Person2 suggests boys learn to use the computer through games.
Person1 suggests going for a few beers to relax but Jim thinks it will make them fat and act silly. Person2 suggests they walk over to the gym and invite Mary and Sally to play pingpong with them.
Person2 brings Person1 to a restaurant. Person1 orders the chicken feet and wine with Person2's assistance.
Person2 has few experiences in guiding. Person2 showed foreign tourists around some places of interest.
Person1 helps Jack to fill up the forms for the reservation.
Mark calls Jill to ask why Jill didn't come in today. Jill says he had a terrible hangover from David's birthday party and will make it to Mark's office to celebrate Bill's new-born baby.
Person1 invites Person2 to go to the theatre with Person1, but Person2 refuses.
Person2 tells Person1 that Cal Ripen hit a home run and the Baltimore is winning. Person1 thinks this is a great place to watch a baseball game.
Person2 appreciates Person1's help.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2's country has a lot of natural resources and exports to Europe, North America, and China. Person2 imports a little oil from Venezuela but they are self-sufficient. They need to put the money into long-term projects to improve their country's infrastructure.
Person2 likes going to an art exhibition while Person1 loves going to art galleries, especially that form ancient rome or Greece. Person1 invites Person2 to go to the national gallery tomorrow at 12:30. Person2 agrees.
Person2 wants to return a book and check out a video. Person1 reminds Person2 to take proper care of the video.
Person1 tells Person2 there are 10 frames in a bowling game and will tell Person2 more while playing.
Person2 received some leaflets in the post from Person1. Person2 wants to transfer money between the bank and securities companies. Person1 introduces the new program and introduces the consultation service to Person2.
Person2 tells Person1 Person1's checking out in 30 minutes. Person1 wants to hit a few more places in the city but he needs a place to put his luggage. Person2 suggests he use VISA to cover his deposit.
Person1 tells Person2 the number of Person2's party and the price of the buffet. Person2 also asks Person1 where to get food and drink.
Person2 asks Person1 about suitable loans for studying overseas. Person1 introduces a Personal Loan for Studying Abroad and tells Person2 Person2 can apply for it with Person2's parents' assistance. Person2 thinks Person2 fits into the category very nicely.
Person1 asks Person2 to pull up some English songs for Person1.
Person2 has impressive writing experience and is in the process of writing a novel. Person1 invites Person2 to come into Person1's office.
Jack suggests Person1 ask for the results of an interview politely. Person1 agrees. Jack reminds Person1 to pay close attention not to miss any reply.
Person1 wants to have a look around Person2's house. Person2 shows Person1 around the house and explains why they hang the corn ears in the tree.
Person1 will be checking out of the hotel in about 40 minutes. Person2 suggests Person1 leave her baggage in the storage space with a deposit.
Person1 is signing up for a new Web site that helps Person1 improve Person1's writing skills for free. Person2 tells Person1 it's all free, but Person1 thinks it doesn't sound free to Person1.
Person2 has no idea whether the headmaster will ask the local government to help them build a new lab building. Person1 believes the decision will be made before the end of this term.
Kate is happy that she started carrying the credit card that the bank gave them because it makes it easy to spend money. Henry reminds her to be careful with the card.
Person1 tells Mr. Smith about the visit to a small village in the mountains for tomorrow and they decide to get up at six to have lunch and get back before supper.
Person1 asks Vet how to deal with stress and depression. Vet says Vet eats a cucumber and goes to bed. Vet's favorite part of having a daughter is watching her go through every stage knowing there is somebody who loves her. Vet wants to be a lawyer and wants to move out of Utah. Vet is looking forward to graduating from high school and dreams to have a father figure in her daughter's life. Vet advises teens to take things slow and be a kid as long as possible.
Person1 asks Person2 when Person2 became interested in collecting stamps. Person2 tells Person1 the first postage stamps were issued in Britain in 1840 and the picture of Queen Victoria is on the first two stamps.
Person1 asks Tom when Tom knew he wanted to have his own company. Tom started a web-designed company in high school and found the money for his present company then. Tom's only mildly green because Tom does simple things and is a huge biker. Tom says they are always doing something wrong to learn and grow.
Person2 tells Person1 police in North London are treating as murder the death of a man thought to be in his forties whose body was found in a pedestrian subway in Neasden. John Day explains what they know of the man's movements in the early hours of this morning to Person1. Person2 says the man may have been found by a member of a drinking club and they are trying to account for movements up till 2:15 a.m.
Sherry is going to visit Quebec for a friend's wedding and wants to do some sightseeing in the province. Bob advises Sherry to practice French before Sherry goes because Montreal is the third largest French-speaking city in the world and Sherry can't wait to visit it.
Tom invites Jane to go swimming at the Student Center, but Jane has a paper due on Friday. Tom suggests they have dinner at the Grill and Tom will go over there with Jane after dinner. Tom wants to go home first and then meet Jane at six.
Person2 suggests Person1 start taking the medicine three times a day.
Person1 asks Fred to lend Person1 200 yuan since Person1's cell phone is out of service. Fred agrees and promises to pay it back as soon as possible.
Person1 wants to improve Person1's handwriting. Person2 suggests Person1 should stop complaining and stick to it every day.
Person2 is curling Person2's eyelashes and Person1 is afraid of an eyelash curler.
Person2 asks Person1 about the driving courses. Person1 tells Person2 there are weekend courses and 3 hours in the morning and 2 in the afternoon. Person2 will have more chances to get trained.
Tina has been learning the piano for 8 years. Person1 asks Tina to introduce Person1 to Tina's teacher.
Person1 asks Person2 about Person2's strengths, weaknesses, future career plans, and expects Person2 to be challenged. Person1 thinks Person2 might be the person they're looking for.
Stephanie has a bad headache. Person1 suggests Stephanie hand in the report to Miss Jenkins on Friday morning.
Person1 invites David to join the people skating on the lake, but David wants to stay in New York and go back to the city on New Year's Eve.
Bob went to a dance party last weekend while Person1 watched TV and played tennis on Sunday. Person1 invites Bob to play tennis this weekend.
Person1 wants to borrow $50 from Person2 to find a job. Person2 suggests Person1 go back home and work on Person1's father's farm, but Person1 prefers staying here and finding a job Person1 likes.
Person2 wants to borrow a jacket and a tie from Person1. Person1 asks Person2 to put off the time of the conference to 9:30 AM. Person2 agrees.
Person2 tells Person1 some of the younger kids were unhappy because they have never been away on their own before. But they recovered by the last day because they had a great time. Person2 also introduces the activities they did during the holiday camp to Person1.
Person2 asks Person1 many questions about admission requirements of college because Person2's considering quitting the job and running a business. Person1 tells Person2 Person1'll help Person2 start their family business.
Kalina calls Professor Clark to take a week off because she ran her car into a tree.
Person2 calls Tenants Advocacy Resource Center to complain to Person2's house owner that the owner takes too long to repair the house. Person2 also tells Person1 that Person2 had a great time at the house owner's birthday party but some people accidentally broke the living room window. Person1 thinks it doesn't seem fair.
Person2 comes to Person1's store to collect an Export L/C from Sayuri Beds and asks Person1 to sign and fill in some forms.
Person1 lost Person1's purse. Charlie asks Person1 to go back to the hotdog stand.
Person1 has been washing the dishes for over a week. Person2 will do them.
Person1 is in love with Person2 and wants to know where their relationship is going. Person2 loves Person1 and asks Person1 to put the gun down.
Person1 and Person2 think it's difficult for governments to handle social problems efficiently.
Person1 invites Person2 to go shopping together to buy a costume for a fancy dress party next Saturday. Person2 suggests a cowgirl and knows exactly where to find it.
Person2 suggests going to a nightclub for nightlife in Beijing and invites Person1 to dance. Person1 likes disco dancing best. Person2 will get Person1 something to drink for drink.
Person1 wants to have Person1's own farm to get away from working 9 to 5 in an office. Person2 thinks it would be very hard work and invites Person1 to come and visit Person2.
Person2 recommends Heineken and Budweiser to Person1 for the happy hour special. Person1 agrees.
Mary tells Person1 that she had a big argument with Ann because Ann told her that Ann didn't care about their friendship. Person1 advises Mary to be more understanding and not let a trivial thing stand in the way of friendship. Mary will call later to patch things up.
Person2 tells Person1 where to buy and get some souvenirs and the location of the men's room.
Catherine thinks America deserves the name of fast food nation because people can find McDonald's, KFC, and Pizza Hut all over the States. Tom thinks Americans should find a way to make the most of fast foods.
Person2 asks Person1 if this bus goes down Fifth Avenue as far as Greenwich Village. Person1 tells Person2 it's the right bus to Washington Square Park and asks Person2 to get in.
Person2 was in Person2's apartment in Beijing for the terrorist attacks on 9-11 while Person1 was at home with Person1's parents in New York City. Person2 thinks terrorist acts are deliberate and deadly and can affect every walk of life.
Karl and Chuck Jones are going to be neighbors. Karl tells Chuck why he moved to Minnesota to live.
Person2 orders a hard-boiled egg with toast and orange juice for breakfast with Person1's assistance.
Person1 asks Steven to go over the household budget but Steven wants to finish it today. Person1 asks him to close the door to the basement before he goes to bed.
Person1 invites Jane to meet before next week's meeting.
Person2 is looking for a nice gift for his girlfriend as a gift for their fifth anniversary. Person1 recommends a set of pearl earrings, a purple bracelet, a platinum pendant, a locket, a timepiece, and a ring. Person2 is going to pop the question to his girlfriend.
Person1 wants a Ford Pinto. Person2 recommends a Ford Focus and introduces it to Person1. Person1 thinks it's perfect for Person1 since it's the end of the year and decides to have a try.
Person1 calls Apple Corporation to offer the position of computer engineer to Ballam. Ballam thinks the starting salary is too low and wants a higher salary. Person1 agrees on 4,000 yuan a month for supporting Ballam's family.
Person1 introduces the benefits of the agreement to Person2 and hopes signing up for the Network Settlement Service will solve all of the problems in their internal accounts.
Person1 is hungry again. Person2 suggests Person1 make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich as a snack.
Person2 helps Person1 to have the blood drawn to check Person1's white blood cell count and tells Person1 it won't hurt.
Mr. Sellers asks Steven to go down to the basement and find the circuit box and replace the burnt fuses with good ones to check if there are any fuses blown out.
Paula tells Person2 Ms. Connors, the landlord of their rented house, is threatening to evict them for not paying the full rent. Paula invites Person2 to come with her.
Person1 and Person2 are complaining about the air conditioning and the mess of the office. Person2 thinks they need to call a handyman before they start to fry in here.
Person1 and Person2 are both looking for work. Person1 went to one interview but hasn't heard back. Person2 suggests checking the electrician apprentice program again.
Person2 tells Person1 about Person2's relationship with their boss and his strengths.
Mr. Tang brings a certificate of his Tour Guide Certificate to Person1. Person1 asks Mr. Tang some questions about his certificate.
Person2 buys a pure gold watch with Person1's assistance. Person2 thinks it's expensive but the price is moderate.
Tom calls Sara to take his sick little girl Maria to the hospital and invites her to have dinner with them and play games with Tom's son Ken. Sara agrees.
Person1 asks Amy about her first job. Amy worked first as a secretary and then a personnel manager. She worked for about a year.
Person1 asks Person2 to be blunt because Person1 is Person2's big sister. Person2 says Person2 is on the Wafu Diet and signed up for it and it costs $490.
Greg Sonders from Brown College calls Mary to know if Mary is interested in college sports. Mary tells Greg that she also plays volleyball. Greg will inform Mary the results soon.
Person2 drives Person1 to the railway station in the rush hour. Person1 asks Person2 to drive slowly and carefully.
Person1 asks Brian some questions about English. Brian learned it in college and has been in the U.S. for 3 weeks.
Person2 comes to Person1's to have a physical examination to qualify for new health insurance. Person1 will send Person2 for an allergy test and a blood test. Person2 is expecting the tests to go well.
Person1 would go round the world if Person1 won the Pools. Person2 would buy a big house with a garden for Person2's family and buy a mink coat for Person1's wife and kids. Person1 and Person2 decide to come down to earth and have another drink.
Person1 is freaking out because Person1's not ready for marriage. Person2 comforts Person1 and suggests Person1 take it easy and cut the crap and do it. Person1 finally decides to marry Amy.
Person1 asks Person2 to print 2000 business cards. Person2 asks Person1 to pay a little extra to make the new cards just like the old ones.
Brian has made the flight reservations and will pick Person1 up at Person1's house at 6:00. Brian will make sure Person1 has a program before work. Person1 will read it on the plane.
Person1 invites Paul to have Thanksgiving dinner at Person1's house. Paul refuses because he has a lot of work to do. Person1 tells him ten people will be there. Paul will bring pie and a bottle of wine.
John asks Susan to show his cousin, who has an interview on Thursday, around during the day and they will meet for dinner later. John also invites Susan to drop his cousin off at Susan's place on Friday night when they have a better idea of the forecast.
Person1 tells Ben the information about the evening classes Person1 sent off for has arrived. Person1 introduces the three courses Person1 is interested in to Ben. They will call Ben to see if there are still spaces for Indian dinner parties.
Person1 suggests going to the Steakhouse, but Person2 says Bridget doesn't eat meat. Person1 then suggests the Kingfisher, but it isn't open on Thursday, so they'll go to the Carrots.
Gene is going to take the driving test and will buy a Honda Accord after passing the test because it has the safety features Gene wants. Person1 says Person1's Toyota has a back view camera. Gene agrees.
Person2 helps Person1 choose a pen and Person1 takes it.
Person2 tells Person1 how Person2's company's fundraiser for the American Cancer Society went well. They were able to raise a lot of money to contribute to cancer research and do a little fundraising for a good cause.
Person2 tells Person1 the way to the Peak Tram and asks Person1 to write it down.
Person2 asks Person1 to show her some traditional Chinese arts and crafts. Person2 buys three sandalwood fans.
Person2 tells Person1 the main external factors of a corporation are political, economic, social, and technological factors. The internal factors are composed of human resources, team spirit, and internal factors.
Person1 wants to bring everybody back on the subject. Person2 suggests they start with a preparatory meeting. Person1 agrees.
Person1 recommends a short tour along the river to Person2.
Person2 orders a beef-burger, French fries, and a milk shake with Person1's assistance.
Person1 and Person2 are appreciating the Lantern Festival. Person2 tells Person1 people always enjoy the lighted lanterns and the gala performances. Person1 can't understand Chinese characters on the lanterns, so Person2 explains they are puzzles. They find a huge dragon lantern with Chinese characters and Person1 feels lucky to see it.
Person1 congratulates Tina on that Person1 has passed the final round of the interview and invites her to go for a celebration tonight.
Tim and Karren meet for the first time.
Person1 tells Person2 they're having a department meeting. Person2 wants to pick up some stationary. Person1 asks Person2 to see Julie, the receptionist, and will show Person2 the way to the photocopier. They enjoy working in this office because everyone's friendly.
Person1 asks Person2 to tell Person1 how to use the buttons to take a bath.
Person2 recommends a Japanese novelist to Person1 for killing time on the train.
Person1 asks Person2 to teach Person1's friend how to read. Person2 suggests Person1 start with reading and go from there.
Person2 helps Person1 pick up Person1's ticket and asks Person1 to pay by card.
Person1 suggests they make dinner together. Person2 thinks frozen pizza aren't good for Person2 but they are cheap, convenient, and tasty. Person1 then teaches Person2 how to cook something healthy.
Person2 tells Person1 how to use the two phones on the booth. Person1 will try both of them.
Person2 tells Person1 EDD has special services to help Person1 get a job. Person2 introduces EDD's callous and job fairs to Person1.
Tom thinks second-hand goods are as good as the new ones. Person1 agrees.
Person1 asks Morgan whether Chinese people take their leftover food home from a restaurant. Morgan says it usually goes to the dump. Person1 thinks it's awful and suggests people order fewer dishes. Morgan suggests Person1 take the last one home with Person1.
Person1 complains to Person2 that Person1 was ripped off in a street market in China because Person1 bought an overpriced bag without bargaining. Person2 thinks people here will not take pity on unlucky people like Person1 and recommends Person1 to consult the price tags first and negotiate for a fair deal.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2 is proficient in English. Person2 has been studying English since junior high school and knows a little French and Japanese.
Person2 wants to open up a new account with a checking account and a savings account. Person1 asks Person2 to look over Person2's documents and tells Person2 the maximum amount that Person2 can have in an overdraft is $1000 and the penalty is not much. Person2 thinks the new account is convenient.
Person2 tells Person1 special discount coupons can be used for at least one year. Person1 will buy 9 bags of sugar to get 3 coupons for Person1.
Mrs. Robinson thanks Steve for his help with the dishes and the garbage.
Person2 lost his train ticket to shanghai. Person1 helps Person2 to purchase another ticket but Person2 doesn't have any proof of purchase. Person2 then finds his wallet stolen.
Ann tells Person1 that she had a busy trip to the states. Person1 advises Ann to do the well-being in the air program. Ann says she did the program on the flight to the States and the exercises in the program made a difference.
Mary has found a new job at McDonald's. Tom's father's company will need some people to work for the summer. Tom will tell his father about it and then Tom can call him.
Harry tells Person1 that he was almost hit by a car and Person1 hopes he can report this man to the police. They agree that dangerous drivers should be punished.
Mr. Steven Kayne, who has just taken over and established a bicycle shop, tells Person1 he always loved racing bikes and he enjoyed his hobby when he worked full-time as a salesman. Then Mr. Kayne decided to run his own business and now he works part-time with friends' help.
Person1 thinks middle-aged means in the middle of life while Person2 thinks they are on the edge of middle. Person2 agrees to squabble with Person1.
Person2's meal was perfect and Person2 wants to split something with Person2's friends. Person1 recommends apple crisps and chocolate mousse cake. Person2 asks Person1 to bring Person2 four dessert forks and four teas.
Person1 and Person2 are having a plan for the bottom bunk. Person2 wants Person1 to use Person2's stereo while Person1 wants Person2 to get the desk by the window.
Mr. Murray wants to get a library card and Person2 helps Mr. Murray to apply for it.
Person2 has a typical 9 to 5 job. Person2 doesn't get paid overtime and Person2's boss doesn't mind if they take coffee breaks. Person1 works in a cubicle but Person1 doesn't like it very much.
Person2 tells Person1 how to use the washing machines and suggests Person1 buy some soap from the vending machine to clean Person1's clothes. Person1 is surprised that Person1 never washed clothes before.
Person1 and Person2 are both busy. Person1 asks Person2 to call Person1 tonight.
Person1 goes over Katie's evaluation. Person1 thinks Katie has improved a lot since Person1 spoke to Katie about the past.
Person1 wants to have a surprise birthday party for Person1's grandpa. Person2 suggests having it at the hotel, but Person1 thinks hotels are expensive and it's too cold for a garden party. Then Person1 and Person2 decide to have it at home with pizza, salad, and a book.
Gina and Gian Luca Donatelli are introducing themselves to each other at a conference. Gina invites Robert to come for a minute.
Person2 tells Kathy that this is the year of 17-year bird calls in the North Carolina Mountains. Person2 says birds come out when the weather gets cool and live near the mountains for the next 17 years. Kathy thinks this is terrible and she doesn't want to walk under trees.
Person2 orders a turkey sandwich with cheese, beef with vegetables, and Diet Coke at Danny's with Person1's assistance.
James tells Person1 he is waiting for the jacket he lent to David because he wants to take pictures there. Person1 advises him to take the cookies to his grandparents to take them to them.
Ted and Person1 talk about where to go for the holiday. Person1 suggests visiting Person2's wife's parents in the countryside while Ted prefers staying at home.
Person1 asks Person2 to go to the cinema with Person1 and Person1's mom. Person2 suggests going to McDonald's after the movie.
Person2 tells Person1 Person2's house was robbed and Person2 has called the police.
Jack invites Charlie to come to his house and play a cool new video game. Charlie will come after finishing his homework first.
Person2 tells Person1 how Person2 got interested in country music and started to work for the radio station.
Alice tells Person1 how to use the washing machines. Person1 never washed clothes before because Person1's mother always did it. Alice suggests Person1 buy some soap and Person1 agrees. Alice says Person1 can't use so much soap because the machines won't be able to remove the soap completely, but Person1 has to learn how to survive on campus.
Steve has been looking for a place to live since his lease runs out and he doesn't want to renew it. Matthew will ask Mrs. Thou when she's available to show the apartment to Steve.
Frank is going to throw a huge party to celebrate his promotion and invites Betsy to come. Betsy can't wait for that party.